<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"                  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">                                <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">                <head>                  <title>Salvage07. Incompetence In Command</title>                </head>                                <body><h1>Salvage07. Incompetence In Command</h1><p>by Rantarian</p><div id="main-body"><p>This work is an addition to the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse">Jenkinsverse</a> universe created by <a href="/u/Hambone3110">/u/Hambone3110</a>.</p>

<p>Where relevant, measurements and explanation is given in brackets following their alien names.</p>

<hr />

<p>Previous Chapters:<br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j0ra4/ocjenkinsverse_salvage/">Chapter 1: Salvage</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j3l12/ocjenkinsverse_food/">Chapter 2: Food</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j3xuq/ocjenkinsverse_hunting/">Chapter 3: Hunting</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j7if8/ocjenkinsverse_chapter_4_turning_point/">Chapter 4: Turning Point</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2jagfb/ocjenkinsverse_chapter_5_dead_mans_switch/">Chapter 5: Dead Man's Switch</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2jb2ln/ocjenkinsverse_chapter_6_robotic_death_machine/">Chapter 6: Robotic Death Machine</a>  </p>

<hr />

<p><strong>65 Million Years Ago</strong></p>

<p>The Zhadersil drifted in high orbit above the outpost world of Affrag, its engines inert and few remaining hands standing by as the emergency meeting was convened in the war room adjoining the command deck.</p>

<p>Shiplord Xagh waited for the last of his senior officers to seat themselves before him. Their faces were all sombre, these meetings were only for critical situations and they knew what was coming would not be good news.</p>

<p>"My fellow V'Straki," he said, greeting them as fellow beings rather than subordinates - a fact that was not lost on them - "I have received some truly devastating news."</p>

<p>He paused, letting them prepare themselves, although the tension in the air was palpable.
"Five teyrak [five days] ago, our beautiful homeworld was directly targeted by the Igraen Alliance in a successful attack of a scale we have never before witnessed. The planet we called home is no longer habitable, and all those we loved are gone."</p>

<p>There were shocked murmurings around the table, disbelief that the Igraen Alliance could be so bold, or so competent. The V'Straki had found the galaxy a surprisingly easy target, given their flimsiness compared to other creatures on their homeworld, and each V'Straki warrior was worth a hundred or more of any Igraen species.</p>

<p>"Shiplord," Varr called out from his seat, the seat reserved for the second-in-command. "How is this even possible? The last reports I saw showed the Igraen military in tatters and their worlds in ruin."</p>

<p>"A simple act of desperation, Varr," Xagh replied. "A cloaked asteroid of significant size. It was not detected until the debris field it carried with it was already crashing through the orbital defense network. It is clear that they hoped this action to cripple the Empire, and I am sorry to say they were correct."</p>

<p>The officers were aghast. The homeworld effectively destroyed - and with it almost all of the females the V'Strak Empire had - was a devastating blow, but the orbital defenses had included manufacturing yards, colonial stations, and more. With that all gone, V'Strak Empire had lost its core world and more than 90% of the population.</p>

<p>"The Zhadersil is one of the few warships not currently engaged in battle," Xagh continued, "and you all know that this was because we were awaiting a refit. Our crew are few, our weapons outdated and our complement of Exterminator Drones is down to just one unit with a dead battery."</p>

<p>"We should still strike back," hissed Varr. "We cannot allow this to go unpunished."</p>

<p>"The Zhadersil is not prepared for combat duty," Xagh spat back. "If we were to direct it into battle, it would be overwhelmed by Igraen drones. We would die, and the ship would become theirs. I will not allow this to transpire!"</p>

<p>Varr looked like he was about to say something, but a glare from Xagh and he remained silent. They were all under immense stress, and the only way they would get through it would be to stick to the warriors code.</p>

<p>"We have lost contact with several major colonies more recently," Xagh continued. "No inspection has yet been made on those systems, but the Igraen are not particularly cunning, and it is likely that they have repeated their plan on the colonies they are aware of."</p>

<p>"What about Affrag, Shiplord?" asked Tachot, the senior medical officer to the Zhadersil and Xagh's good friend. "Are they likely to strike here?"</p>

<p>"Affrag is a new colony and would not be known to them yet," Xagh replied. "They are under instructions to disable all communications and other detectable systems until further notice is given."</p>

<p>"What is the plan for us, Shiplord?" Varr asked.</p>

<p>Xagh sighed. "It cannot be helped that we cannot enter the battle, but our forces are deploying fission-drones against all known enemy strongholds. It is against the Galactic Charter, yes, but they broke it first, and this is now a matter of our survival. Do not doubt that the enemy has embarked upon a campaign of total genocide."</p>
</div><div id="comments"><p>Two cadra (two months) had passed, and the Zhadersil had not moved from its orbit above Affrag. The colony was still running silent - as was the Zhadersil - and nerves were frayed. Xagh had had an argument with Varr in full view of all the crew, and had then been forced to dispense final justice to subdue any further resistance to his continued command.</p>

<p>"Five ships, three colonies," Dorn reported in their first private meeting with him as second-in-command. "That's is how many V'Strak holdings remain, including the Zhadersil and Affrag."</p>

<p>"Then our enemy came very close to victory," Xagh said. He felt sick, with those numbers there may be too few for the V'Strak race to recover; very few females had been allowed to leave the homeworld,  and as a result almost all of their eggs had been in that one basket.</p>

<p>"Our enemy is dead," Dorn stated. "There have been no further encounters since the fission drones were deployed and their remaining fleet was annihilated."</p>

<p>"I cannot believe they are all gone," Xagh said. "I doubt we have been quite so thorough. What is the report on the homeworld?"</p>

<p>"Dust chokes its atmosphere," Dorn reported, "scientific projections show that the climate has been irrevocably altered, and the temperature has dropped sharply. It is unlikely that it will ever be habitable again."</p>

<p>"Then the war is over and now we must attempt to rebuild," Xagh decided. He had been considering the next course of action for some time, and had finally come to the only conclusion available. "We're going to have to abandon the Zhadersil."</p>

<p>Dorn stared at him. "Shiplord?!"</p>

<p>"There are no more refit stations, Dorn," Xagh told him. "This ship is a relic, in dire need of repairs that we cannot give it, and we no longer have an Empire to serve."</p>

<p>"That is treason..." Dorn said in horror.</p>

<p>"It is truth," Xagh replied fiercely. You said it yourself: five ships, three colonies. How many females in those colonies, Dorn? Have you read that? I have, and that's why I know that our greater duty is to our species."</p>

<p>Dorn frowned, and looked through the details on his datapad. Then he frowned more. "That's not..."</p>

<p>"I know," Xagh said. "Affrag has five, and that's as many as at Colvu and Grikt combined. The other ships are <em>full</em> of males, Dorn, but they are far from Affrag and are likely to converge on the other two colonies."</p>

<p>"You're suggesting we become colonists?" Dorn asked dubiously. "I am no farmer."</p>

<p>"Then be a hunter," Xagh said. "Be whatever you want, but you will be amongst fifty males vying for the attentions of five females, rather than three hundred males vying for the attentions of two or three!"</p>

<p>Dorn was silent, thoughtful. He nodded after some time. "As you say, Shiplord, it seems to be the wisest option available to us."</p>

<p>"Good," Xagh said, pleased while also regretting the necessary abandonment of his ship. "We will announce it to the crew together, and then we will begin to strip the vessel of anything that may be useful in our new home."</p>

<p>+++++++++++++</p>

<p><strong>Present Day</strong></p>

<p>Trycrur was still, not wanting to give the Corti a reason to shoot her. He was smart - he'd already talked her into giving away the fact that the bombs were fakes, and she no longer doubted that he could foresee any action she might take. 
She couldn't even look at Adrian, she was so ashamed of her ineptitude and cowardliness. She had obeyed the Corti's orders once the truth had come out and although she felt completely guilty over this she didn't want to die. Now she just waited for the others to give themselves up to whatever the Corti had in mind, and hope they felt merciful.</p>

<p>"Yeah, nah," said Adrian, and Trycrur finally looked at him in shock.</p>

<p>"Good," said Bekmer smugly, clearly pleased with his own deviousness. "Now, if you will just-"</p>

<p>"That means no," Chir interrupted. "A positive followed by a negative is a negative. The reverse is also true."</p>

<p>Bekmer paused, confused. "Is that true?"</p>

<p>Adrian lowered the barrel of his gun to point it at Bekmer. "Nah, yeah."</p>

<p>"I told you-" Bekmer began.</p>

<p>"I told you that you were dumber than a box of rocks," Adrian said. "Mate."</p>

<p>"You will comply or die," Bekmer seethed. "The cerebral detonators-"</p>

<p>"Fuck you," Adrian said again, interrupting. "If you could kill us all that way, you wouldn't need Treoffa to point the ship's guns at us. Maybe you will kill these guys, but will Treoffa be fast enough to save you from me?"</p>

<p>Bekmer was silent, and even his light grey skin seemed a little paler than it had a moment ago.</p>

<p>Adrian had bared his teeth into a grin again, but Trycrur saw no friendliness there now. She'd learned that the nature of a human grin could be read in their eyes, and all she saw there now was the black savagery of a Deathworlder.</p>

<p>"You're going to do exactly what I fucking tell you, you bald little shit," Adrian told the Corti vehemently. "That is <em>your</em> way out of this. If you fight me, I will fucking kill you. If you use your little detonator, I will kill you as slowly and agonisingly as possible."</p>

<p>Adrian leaned in towards the quickly wilting Corti. "DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND ME YOU ARSEHOLE?!" he screamed with so much fury that the little alien actually fell over backwards in terror. Trycrur nearly fled as well, such was the force of the violent intent surrounding the human.</p>

<p>"A fucking 'yes' will do," Adrian spat at the fallen Corti.</p>

<p>"Y-yes," Bekmer whispered.</p>

<p>"Good," Adrian grunted, still staring down the Corti leader. "Treoffa, do you hear me?"</p>

<p>"I can," her voice rang out from the ship. It was as shaky as Trycrur felt.</p>

<p>"The deal is still on the table," he said. "If you're interested in taking charge of <em>this</em> arsehole and getting these detonators out, we'll help you out until we can get home."</p>

<p>Everyone waited, and the silence seemed to go on forever. The cold knot of terror tightened in Trycrur's belly as she tried to guess what would happen next.</p>

<p>"Bekmer," Treoffa's voice rang out again. "Your detonator code has been disabled. In accordance with the charter relating to Incompetence in Command I am replacing you as commander of the Salvage team and am placing you in confinement in the Zhadersil's brig."</p>
<p>I did not, as the V'Strak are so distantly removed from the current galaxy that their existence is all but forgotten and almost no details are known about the time. Hell, 65 million years is such a long time that even the nuclear option being deployed against their enemies would likely no longer be detectable, and it is so long that the habitability ratings of many worlds would have changed.</p>

<p>Right now the Zhadersil is the only significant relic ever found, and there is no reason to assume that the V'Strak have survived, since if they had they'd probably be a big player in the galaxy by now, and the Deathworld below would be highly industrialised.</p>

<p>In summary, it is an element that can be used or ignored by the other authors. A piece of history from the Galaxy's unenlightened past, and possibly the reason that so many modern species have arisen in a similar time frame.</p>
</div></body></html>