<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"                  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">                                <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">                <head>                  <title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: VI</title>                </head>                                <body><h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: VI</h1><p>by devourerkwi</p><div id="main-body"><p><strong>A complete listing of all parts of <em>Quod Erat Demonstrandum</em> is available <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/series/quod_erat_demonstrandum">here</a>.</strong></p>

<p><em>Special thanks are due to <a href="/u/iamcptplanet">/u/iamcptplanet</a> for many of the ideas used in this series and in this chapter in particular, as well as invaluable discussion, editing, and enthusiasm.</em></p>

<p>According to the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse/timeline">official timeline</a> on the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse">Jenkinsverse Wiki</a>, the Corti abducted the first humans around 2,000 years before the Vancouver incident.  This is the story of those abductees, set in the year 70 AD.</p>

<hr />

<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>

<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Clepta</em>, a corti abductor, scientist, and trader</p></li>
<li><p><em>Consua</em>, Clepta’s former mate and staff biologist</p></li>
</ul>

<hr />

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>

<ul>
<li><p><em>Castra vetera</em>: Old camp</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centurion">Centurion</a></em>: A mid-level officer in the Roman army who commanded 80 men</p></li>
<li><p><em>Simplex</em>: Naïve</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sub_rosa">Sub rosa</a></em>: Under the rose ("in secret", "covertly")</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<hr />

<p>Berenice’s grin was so wide Lucius thought her face might split in two.  He wanted to ask her why she was so happy but the corti had left and he had taken their ability to talk to each other with him.  Lucius resigned himself to quiet, figuring he might as well clear his mind.</p>

<p>“I was tricky again,” she whispered mischievously, in Latin.</p>

<p>“What did you say?” asked Yan, also in Latin.</p>

<p>“I was tricky again!” said Berenice triumphantly.  “I was tricky and he didn’t know and now we can talk.”</p>

<p>“Mother stole the magic black thing,” explained Isidorus.</p>

<p>Berenice cackled gleefully and produced the black ram’s horn that let them talk to each other.  “Let me see it,” said Lucius.</p>

<p>“No!” said Berenice.  “It’s mine now and I will keep it safe.  I couldn’t keep my son safe from the gray man but I can keep the black horn safe from <em>you</em>.”  She spat the last word with such vitriol that Lucius winced.</p>

<p>“From me?” asked Lucius.</p>

<p>“You!” she shouted.  “You Romans conquered my childhood home, destroyed the Great Temple, and have slaughtered my people for four years!  Jerusalem <em>burns</em>, and <em>you</em>, <em>Centurion</em>, are responsible!”</p>

<p>“I know nothing of the Jews and their rebellion against Emperor Vespasian,” said Lucius defiantly.  “I was stationed in Xanten at Castra Vetera.  I’m the Third Centurion in Legio V Alaudæ; my men and I were in Germania Inferior putting down a ... different rebellion.”</p>

<p>“If you fight the Jews with the savagery with which you fight Batavia, it is no wonder they wish to leave Flavian rule,” said Dieter quietly.</p>

<p>“Don’t speak to me of savagery, barbarian,” snapped Lucius.  “I fight because I need to, not because I like it.  Your people shun civilization.  We try to bring you order and you bite our outstretched hands.”</p>

<p>“You destroy everything you touch!” shrieked Berenice.</p>

<p>“Mother, you’re scaring me,” whimpered Isidorus, clutching at his mother’s arm.  Berenice glared at Lucius and held her son close, the other arm cradling the magic black ram’s horn.</p>

<p>Lucius huffed.  “I will not apologize for my people taking what is rightly ours.”</p>

<p>“We were here long before you were, Centurion,” hissed Berenice, “and we will endure long after your empire topples.”</p>

<p>“Perhaps.  But now we have the stars to conquer and a way to reach them.  Nothing can stop Rome,” said Lucius.</p>

<p>“I can stop you,” said Dieter.</p>

<p>“I already bested you in single combat, Dieter.  Were it not for a stray arrow I would have finished the job.”</p>

<p>“I can stop you,” he repeated.</p>

<p>“No, Dieter, you can’t.  You are brave and strong but you lack precision.  You see an enemy to kill, not a battlefield to conquer.  Do you even know why I chose to fight you, of all the others I could have fought?”</p>

<p>“Because I am the strongest,” said Dieter proudly.  “No Batavian fights better.”</p>

<p>“No,” said Lucius.  “I chose to fight you because you were guarding my true objective: Your army’s rations.  Men cannot fight without food.”</p>

<p>“I think this Clepta understands tactics,” said Yan, arms resting on bent knees and head tilted sideways on her arms.  “He gave us food so we would be strong.  He expects us to fight for him.”</p>

<p>“You’re right,” conceded Lucius, “but it’s not just that.  He needs us for something.  We need to find out what.”</p>

<p>“I will do that,” said Yan.  “I am consort to the Emperor and skilled in the ways of the court.”</p>

<p>“You?” laughed Lucius.  “I have never seen a woman who looks or dresses as you do.  Surely Emperor Vespasian would have more conventional tastes.”</p>

<p>“I don’t know who that is,” said Yan.  “I am consort to Emperor Ming of Han, ruler of China.”</p>

<p>“You must be a very good cook,” said Dieter, eyeing Yan with a lascivious grin.</p>

<p>“Only for emperors,” said Yan, turning away from him.  He frowned in consternation at the instant rebuff.</p>

<p>“Enough,” said Lucius, using his commander’s voice.  “We need to come up with a plan.”</p>

<p>“Is it safe to talk?  He might have spies,” said Yan.</p>

<p>“He can’t.  There is nowhere to hide here and it’s not as if he can listen to us from the other side of the ship,” said Lucius.</p>

<p>“Then we must decide when to strike,” said Dieter.  “He is but one and the tall blue striped things are not strong.”</p>

<p>“We should bide our time,” said Lucius.  “We need to learn more about our enemy and our situation if we want any hope of reaching our objective.”</p>

<p>Clepta sat back in the uncomfortable metal chair in his quarters, the five humans fitting neatly onto his viewscreen, their conversation fed into his implant as he listened.  <em>Good</em>, he thought.  <em>They’ll never truly trust one another.</em>  He muted them and set the computer to record them continually and alert him if they mentioned any of the standard keywords—mostly those about escaping, revolting, or violence in general.  Then he queried the flight plan and noted that he had enough time to make a few calls before they arrived at the gray market trading post, so he connected to the first one and saw his former mate’s face replace the humans on his viewscreen.</p>

<p>“I still hate you,” she said.  “Why did you call me?”</p>

<p>“Hello, Consua.  Why did you pick up?” he replied.</p>

<p>“Because I could use a good laugh.  How far in over your head are you this time?”</p>

<p>“I don’t know yet.  But I need a biologist.  If you’re willing to meet me at this location,” he said, relaying encrypted coordinates using their old personal cipher, “I’ll show you something you’ve never seen before.”</p>

<p>“The last time you said that I nearly died,” said Consua.  “And then you left me because I was scared to repeat the mistake.”</p>

<p>“Well, it’s your choice,” said Clepta.  “But I have a new species and the implant primer should start taking effect during their next sleep cycle.”</p>

<p>She grimaced; Clepta knew that she loved watching neural adaptations as they happened.  “Fine.  I’ll think about it,” she said.</p>

<p>“Great.  See you there,” he said.</p>

<p>“No promises,” said Consua, reaching for her viewscreen.  The line disconnected.</p>

<p>Clepta allowed himself a moment of self-satisfaction before calling his next contact.  “Clepta!” exclaimed the guvnuragnaguvendrugun, his colors flittering through the hues of excitement and predatory opportunism.  “Always a pleasure doing business with such a bad haggler.  To what do I owe the pleasure?”</p>

<p>“Don’t berate potential customers, Jorm.  I’m swinging by for a few meetings and I need more supplies while I’m there.”</p>

<p>“Standard stuff?” asked Jorm, his strips turning a deep, swirling brown, the color of bored resignation.</p>

<p>“Yes,” said Clepta, “but I want bulk discounts.”</p>

<p>Jorm turned yellow and pink and laughed heartily.  “Clepta, your, uh, <em>experiments</em> never last long enough to make use of ‘bulk discounts’, at least not since you jettisoned Consua.  Are you sure you’re not about to make the third-biggest financial mistake you’ve made since we met?”</p>

<p>“Third?”</p>

<p>“Getting rid of Consua was the first.  Asking me for a loan was the second.”</p>

<p>Clepta sighed.  It had taken him far too long to pay that off.  “Look, Jorm, I’m sending over a shopping list,” he said, tapping some more buttons on his console.  “Just have it ready for me when I get to the station, OK?”</p>

<p>Jorm sat and looked through the list, turning white and gray and green, his puzzlement clearly visible.  “Are you sure this isn’t a typo?” he asked.</p>

<p>“Which part?”</p>

<p>“All of it,” said Jorm quizzically.</p>

<p>“No, it’s accurate.”</p>

<p>“I don’t think I have that many dizi rats, Clepta.”</p>

<p>“Then I’ll take what you have, and increase the nutrient balls to make up for it.”</p>

<p>“OK.  Here’s your estimate,” said Jorm, tapping a few buttons of his own and turning the bright blue of hope.  Clepta’s console chimed and he read the number.</p>

<p>“That’ll do,” said Clepta.  “I’ll see you when I see you.”</p>

<p>“Thanks for your business,” said Jorm.  “Just a reminder: I expect payment in full upon delivery.”</p>

<p>“Yes, of course,” said Clepta.  He disconnected the link.  He had no intention of paying old Jorm, and he had two deathworlders to make sure he got away with it.</p>
</div><div id="comments"></div></body></html>