<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: V</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: V</h1>
<p class="author">By devourerkwi</p>
<div id="main-body">




<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Clepta</em>, a corti abductor, scientist, and trader</p></li>
</ul>

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientia_potentia_est">Scientia potentia est</a></em>: Knowledge is power</p></li>
<li><p><em>Simplex</em>: Naïve</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<p>They had shuffled back down to their room in silence and picked their way around the two four–armed things’ pulps—“corpses” was a mite generous—to get through the door and back inside.  Each of the five had sat down where they originally woke up, taking comfort in familiarity.  They had stayed quiet for a while and Lucius took the time to look around the room.</p>
<p>The room, which was shaped like a quarter–circle, had been fully lit in their absence but there were no visible lanterns and the amount light should have required hundreds of them.  The ceiling was about three men tall and made of a smooth–finished, utilitarian alloy that reflected some of the newfound light.  The far wall opposite the door was finally visible and it had tall, man–sized windows arranged in wide panes separated every so often by dark gray rods.  Beyond them was the same black palette with the white dots that Clepta had claimed were stars.</p>
<p>Isidorus caught Lucius staring at the windows and leapt up to go closer.  Lucius saw Isidorus’s reflection in the glass as the boy approached it, clouding the view outside.  The windows hid the great gales that nearly claimed Dieter, but these seemed safe.  The boy pressed his nose against the glass, staring out into the black.</p>
<p>Dieter said something, though it was in his barbarian language, not Latin.  It took Yan’s aggressive–sounding tongue for Lucius to figure out.  “We don’t have the black ram’s horn,” said Lucius, “so I don’t understand you.”  Dieter grunted in frustration and repeated himself, slapping his leg.</p>
<p>There was another set of chimes and one of the metal rods near the windows ejected a small gray ball that rolled right up to Dieter’s leg and stopped there.  Dieter stared at Lucius with alarm.  Lucius shrugged, and Dieter picked it up carefully.  He held it to his ear, hearing nothing; he sniffed it, smelling nothing; he poked it, finding it mushy; and finally he took a bite of it, eliciting frightened gasps from the other four.  Dieter made a face but kept chewing, eventually swallowing with an audible gulp that moved his Adam’s apple up and down the length of his stubby neck.  Importantly, he didn’t die; in fact, he took a second bite, and then a third.</p>
<p>Dieter finished the gray ball and looked around impatiently, as if he wanted more.  He yelled up at the ceiling.  Again, a gray rod rolled a ball of what was apparently food to Dieter, but another rod also rolled a small, cylindrical container of what was very obviously water.  Dieter wrenched off the top of it and downed it in one giant gulp, laughing loudly and speaking more of his barbarian language.  More food and more water rolled to him.</p>
<p>Soon, Yan, Isidorus, and Lucius had all followed Dieter’s lead.  Isidorus was thoughtful enough to say his mother wanted food, and Berenice was soon nibbling at one of her own gray balls of food.  In just a few minutes, the five had downed a few dozen food balls and nearly as many cylinders of water.  Lucius had to admit that though the food was tasteless, he felt far better.</p>
<p>Clepta strode into their room moments after they finished eating, arms folded against its chest, its eyes narrower slits, left hand clutching the black ram’s horn that let them talk to each other.  “Clepta!” shouted Dieter as he chewed on his eighth food ball.  “Your food is terrible!  You need a new cook.”</p>
<p>“You killed him,” said Clepta, pointing at the bloody pulp at the broken portal.</p>
<p>“Oh,” said Dieter.  “Whoops.”  He grinned, clearly pleased with his handiwork.</p>
<p>“More importantly, you just consumed eighty percent of this ship’s food and water reserves <em>in one meal</em> and I don’t yet know when we’ll be at the next port.  So thanks for that.”</p>
<p>“How do you have so little food?” asked Lucius.</p>
<p>“Apparently, each of you eats more than five times as much as any other being on the ship, so the food should have lasted far longer than it has.  Even with bulk discounts, you ... humans ... are going to cost me a small fortune just to feed.”</p>
<p>“But this is gross,” said Isidorus, still curled up in his mother’s lap, finishing his third cylinder of water.  “I don’t want this anymore.”</p>
<p>Clepta walked to Isidorus and Berenice and kneeled down beside them.  “Child,” he said softly, “I don’t care.”</p>
<p>“I can cook,” said Yan.  “When we get more food I will prepare meals for the crew.”</p>
<p>“Great,” said Clepta sarcastically.  “We have a housewife onboard.  Did you know that I left my mate because she would rather stay on the ship and cook than help me haggle for supplies?  You better have something else up your sleeve.  I don’t want more dead weight.”</p>
<p>“Wait,” said Dieter.  “You’re ... male?”</p>
<p>Clepta stared at Dieter coldly.  “Yes, obviously.”</p>
<p>“You don’t look male,” said Dieter.</p>
<p>“We’re different species!” said Clepta, raising his voice.</p>
<p>“Don’t yell,” said Lucius.</p>
<p>“I won’t cook if you yell,” said Yan.</p>
<p>Clepta closed his eyes and left the room in a huff, noting that Berenice had stolen the black ram’s horn from him as he trudged down the hallway.  Good; now the computer would translate for them without him there and they might start revealing things he could use.  Developing translation implants would take a lot of time and Clepta couldn’t afford to wait.</p>
<p>Even so, once the humans went to sleep—his tranquilizer supply was running low—the one–size–fits–all implant primers he injected upon abducting them would activate.  Each primer contained an adaptive protein that would force their brains to form new neural connections; it was a delicate process, but it had worked on every species the Directorate had encountered thus far and was a critical first step to developing a translation implant.  After all, humans were strange, but they couldn’t be <em>that</em> different from every other species, and the implants were important.</p>
<p>“Why aren’t we moving yet?” demanded Clepta as he strode onto the bridge, his eyes flicking between Trkn’kr and Qil’kr.  The brothers had finished cleaning up Rtkalrrk’s body and were standing awkwardly around the helm control, fingers occasionally jabbing at some inputs that returned only an annoyed beep from the ship’s computer.</p>
<p>“We don’t know how to fly the ship,” said Qil’kr.  “That was Rtkalrrk’s job.”</p>
<p>“You have got to be kidding me,” said Clepta.  “You big blue buffoons don’t even know how to activate the autopilot on a trade ship?”  He smirked as they shrunk from him.  “You do realize, of course, that it takes vocal commands, right?  So let’s try this again: Set a course for the nearest gray market trading post.”</p>
<p>Trkn’kr was the brave one today.  “Uh, Ship?”  His voice was a whimper but the computer would have registered it; still, nothing happened.  Clepta stood incredulous, hands on his hips.</p>
<p>“ ‘Ship’?  ‘Ship’.  You called it ‘Ship’.  It responds to its <em>actual name</em>.  You ... <em>do</em> know the ship’s name, right?” he asked, mockingly.</p>
<p>“Y—yes,” said Trkn’kr.  He took a deep breath, his neck rippling as he shuddered under the newfound pressure.  “<em>Simplex</em>,” he said quietly, “go to the nearest gray market trade station.”</p>
<p>The <em>Simplex</em>’s computer chimed in accession and its engines hummed to life.  Clepta glanced out the side window and saw the caped abductee start floating in the opposite from his previous direction as the <em>Simplex</em> accelerated.  The figure retreated into the black of space until the gentle gleam of his golden helmet and the billowing crimson cape were invisible against the background.</p>
<p>“Oh, and we’re low on food,” said the corti.  “You’re going hungry until we reach the station.”</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>