<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Salvage16. Help</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Salvage16. Help</h1>
<p class="author">By Rantarian</p>
<div id="main-body">





<p>Jennifer Delaney had to admit the defences that the crew of the Zhadersil had built were impressively dangerous, although the robot that shot pipe–bombs had a tendency to crawl around in a creepy manner, turning and refocusing its camera on anyone walking by. Its appearance was almost spiderlike and she’d never liked spiders much, or any bug for that matter. Except for ladybirds, and maybe butterflies, she liked those.</p>
<p>“How does it know what to shoot at?” she’d asked when Adrian had explained the basic premise of the killing machine. “It won’t start shooting at me, will it now?”</p>
<p>“As I understand it, it’s able to tell who the bad guys are, but just to be safe, I’ll register you. We wouldn’t want to have rescued you from starvation only to have you blown to bits, would we?”</p>
<p>Jennifer frowned, furrowing her brow slightly. She’d known soldiers in Ireland, but the only other people she’d known who spoke so casually of weapons and killing were gamers, and none of that was even close to real. She wondered if Adrian had some form of PTSD; it didn’t seem unlikely given his experiences, but she felt it would be a bit difficult to ask. How did you ask that sort of thing anyway? ’Hi, you seem like a bit of a psycho, but are you suffering from any post–traumatic stress disorders?’</p>
<p>She doubted that would be well received.</p>
<p>“So,” she said, more conversationally in order to change the subject, “how did you end up getting abducted? On base? On the battlefield?”</p>
<p>“Camping,” he said, although he seemed displeased by the question. “It was while I was camping. In the bush.”</p>
<p>“Oh,” she replied, a little disheartened by the limited response. “For me it  was outside this pub my dad runs. It’s a family business, been in the family for generations. I think my great–grandfather got it off a man who owed him money. Anyway, I was waiting for some friends to come by and pick me up. We were going to go to one of those ’old film’ nights at the cinema. ’Stars of the Silver Screen’ was it’s name, I think that night it was supposed to be Audrey Hepburn.”</p>
<p>She paused for a moment, considering what she’d just  said. “I wonder if they thought I ditched them?”</p>
<p>“Maybe at first,” he said after an uncomfortable moment. “Later... probably not. So which Audrey Hepburn movie?”</p>

<p><strong>Two Months Ago</strong></p>
<p>Bekmer had cooperated in the end, seeming as pleased as he could be about the time outside of his little cage. Together they’d ventured outside of the Zhadersil, working by the light of Affrag’s reflective glow.</p>
<p>“The ship is automatically deactivating the relays,” Bekmer had determined after repeatedly testing a range of them. “It’s the system protecting itself. You will need to terminate them correctly before you can have <em>any</em> expectation of functionality.”</p>
<p>Adrian surveyed the mess of the wreckage. “There’s got to be a million of the fucking things need doing!”</p>
<p>“Likely only in excess of forty thousand,” Bekmer said, more than a little smugly. “So you should be done in mere months [months] if you work at it!”</p>
<p>“We’ve already been here for nearly four months, fuckwit,” Adrian replied sharply. “How long before the Hunters come back? How many do you reckon will be coming next time?”</p>
<p>Bekmer was contemplatively silent. “If you trace back  to the larger conduits, there will be maybe a tenth of number. Terminate those. It will be much quicker.”</p>
<p>“Four thousand then,” Adrian said, looking over the cavernous space with a heavy sense of resignation. “That’ll still be a fucktonne of work.”</p>
<p><strong>Zhadersil: Present Day</strong></p>
<p>It had been three days since Jen had arrived on the ship, and Adrian had spent most of the time trying to get her properly acquainted with where things were and how things were done. For the first time in a long time Adrian felt some gratitude towards the Corti for seeing fit to install a translator unit in his own head; it was damned inconvenient for Jen to interact with the Zhadersil’s computer system without one and she had to guess at every response it gave.</p>
<p>For the first time ever, Adrian wished that Bekmer was still around. The bald little alien had been a total fucking arsehole, but he’d have been able to install any of the devices that Adrian had ’recovered’ from the Corti corpses that had remained aboard the Endless Sequence, given the right impetus.</p>
<p>Add to that the fact that she had most likely taken out the entire crew of the Blue Encounter and she was in desperate need of the inoculation that had kept him from killing everyone on the Zhadersil. Until that happened he couldn’t afford to let any non–human onto the ship, not even an enemy, in case the illnesses that every human carried within them managed to escape into a major population. The galaxy didn’t need another reason to find humanity terrifying.</p>
<p>“This,” he explained to her, sitting in front of the console on the Endless Sequence, “is the detection array. This is a <em>Corti</em> scout ship, so it’s got better sensors than most. I had... a guy I knew set this up a while back so it was translating in English. Speaks in English too, if you set it to vocal interaction. It’s always pushing the information through to the Zhadersil, so we’ll be told whenever it picks up something weird.”</p>
<p>“So this is how we avoid nasty surprises?” Jen asked, looking over the console. “It <em>is</em> in English! That’s a sight for sore eyes, let me tell you that!”</p>
<p>He smiled at her. It must have been a long time since she’d been able to simply read anything. In a society of hyper–advanced technology, she wouldn’t even have been able to find pen and paper to write anything for herself.</p>
<p>“Is it possible to set up the Zhadersil computer to use English as well?” she asked. “Maybe so it doesn’t sing in that awful voice?”</p>
<p>He gave a short chuckle. “I asked that same guy whether it was possible, but the computer systems were too different. I guess you’d know more about that sort of thing than me, being in IT.”</p>
<p>“Yeah,” she said, disappointed. “You’d at least need some sort of conversion software, but I wouldn’t know where to begin...”</p>
<p>“Look,” he said, “I used to be a sort of engineer. In the end that didn’t help me all that much, but I knew the general rules and that helped. Some stuff... well the laws of physics don’t change just because we’re in space.”</p>
<p>“I’m not sure that that idea can be applied to software,” she replied. “A completely different computer system will use a completely different language. There may be some similarities, or there might not. It doesn’t help me any that I have no idea how any of this technology works.”</p>
<p>“Well then,” he said, passing her a tablet device. “While I scan for Corti vessels, you start reading this.”</p>
<p>“What is it?” she asked, taking the device and playing with the buttons.</p>
<p>“That,” he said, “will let you access the Help interface. I need you to learn these systems.”</p>

<p><strong>One Month Ago</strong></p>
<p>Bekmer was sitting on the uncomfortable bed that was bolted to the wall. The only item of furniture in his cell, unless you counted the bucket that the human had given him to relieve himself in. It was a disgusting receptacle, one the human rarely cleaned properly, when it was cleaned at all. </p>
<p>At first he had suspected that the human had left it there as a form of passive torture, and had displayed his feelings of the matter by hurling its contents over the wall. The human had been disgusted, and extremely displeased much to Bekmer’s own enjoyment, until he had simply returned the emptied bucket to Bekmer and left the mess as it was. It had remained that way for five miserable days until the human finally washed it down.</p>
<p>Bekmer no longer believed the bucket was any kind of torture, but merely a task that the human had no desire to deal with and therefore performed it in the most expedient way possible. Bekmer had not made another mess, he hadn’t seen the point.</p>
<p>There had also been the excursions the human had allowed him to go on. As much as he despised the human, he had come to despise his boredom more. He was a Corti, a brilliantly intelligent being of a proud people, and he did not belong in a cage. He could not endure in a cage with nothing to do, nothing to see, nothing further to think about. At first he had insulted the human as a point of defiance, but now... now it was merely a ritual they both performed before Bekmer acquiesced. They both knew it, and Bekmer hated the human even more for knowing, but he still played the game.</p>
<p>“The Hunter ships are connected,” the human had explained in the most recent of his infrequent business visits. “The relays are all active after being properly terminated – a thankless fucking job that was, by the way. I think we might be ready to fire them up.”</p>
<p>“Then fire them up,” Bekmer replied. “That was not a question.”</p>
<p>“Last time I tried that, I almost set fire to the fucking flight deck,” the human said. “I’d much prefer it if <em>you</em> were out there making sure we avoid another inferno.”</p>
<p>“I know this may disappoint you, human,” Bekmer replied drily, “but I am not a firefighter.”</p>
<p>“I wouldn’t be surprised if you burned like a twig,” the human returned. “I just need you to monitor the output and shut the fucking thing down if it looks like  it’s going to burn.”</p>
<p>“And what will you be doing?” Bekmer asked acidly. “While I have all the fun?”</p>
<p>“I’ll be doing anything else,” the human replied. “Like keeping the navigation set, and firing the FTL.”</p>
<p>“What is wrong with the navigation system?” Bekmer asked.</p>
<p>The human grunted, a wonderful reminder of his savagery. “It hasn’t updated in sixty–five million years. It tries to contact the fucking database about seconds after booting up, fails and then reboots.”</p>
<p>“You’re entering coordinates directly?” Bekmer asked, unable to contain his concern. “Absolute or relative?”</p>
<p>“Relative,” the human replied. “It’s not easy to do, but I’ve spent about twelve fucking hours practicing.”</p>
<p>“That is exceedingly optimistic, human,” Bekmer replied. “There are two possible ways that this plan gets us killed. First, if the FTL system gets corrupt data, we could end up anywhere, <em>in</em> anything. Second, if the warp tunnel requires live data, it may collapse when it gets corrupt data.”</p>
<p>“I’m going to say that’s bad,” the human said. “How bad?”</p>
<p>“Depending on how it collapses we could be disintegrated, dumped out in fragments, or just dropped somewhere else,” Bekmer explained. “There’s no way you’ll be able to do this with a broken Navigational unit, and I’m not letting you kill <em>me</em> in the crazy attempt!”</p>
<p>“Then what the fuck do you suggest?” the human asked irritably. “I can’t make the system work when it keeps rebooting.”</p>
<p>Bekmer blinked, shaking his head. The human was so stupid, to keep trying to make the unworkable work when there was such a better option being so obviously available. “Take me aboard the Endless Sequence and I’ll patch the data through to the Zhadersil,” he said impatiently. “It won’t be seamless, but it shouldn’t kill us either.”</p>
<p>“Are you sure you can do it?” the human asked, clearly not understanding who it was dealing with. Of course, a primitive beast from a backwater planet could hardly be expected to comprehend the abilities of those who graduated from the Corti academies, as it would naturally have nothing with which to compare.</p>
<p>“It should only take me a few [hours],” Bekmer replied curtly. Although he was aware that it would take significantly less than this, he always made a habit of underpromising and overdelivering, and this habit did not fail to extend to the various trite tasks the human put to him. “Do not doubt my skill, human!”</p>
<p>It would be a very long time before Bekmer realised that he had just been played.</p>
<p><strong>Sesavrt Research Station: Two Weeks Ago</strong></p>
<p>There had been hardly any real work done in the time since Trycrur had retuned to the Dominion. Instead she had been debriefed, then debriefed a second time, and then a third. For a full week it had seemed that all anybody wanted her to do was to talk about her experiences aboard the Zhadersil. That and tell them where it was. She was not unaware of their interest in the technology that had built the ship – especially in light of revelations that it had been built by ancient sapients of the same Deathworld that now belonged to the humans – but she had thus far resisted telling them all of the details. This had been something that the three of them, being Chir, Zripob and herself, had predicted and had discussed as they made their return journey under cloak in a reclaimed Hunter vessel, and they had all agreed that their story would include a ship with functional FTL, rather than the useless husk they had abandoned.</p>
<p>Abandoned along with Adrian. Trycrur still felt pangs of guilt over that, as raw and fresh as the day they had left as he slept. They had left him a recording, explaining their reasoning, explaining that his erratic behaviour had been too concerning to risk angering him in a discussion over what they were planning. He had not been willing to give up, even when all evidence had pointed to a dying vessel – no, that wasn’t right... a dead vessel with delusions of survival – and that nothing could be done by a mere handful of individuals to fix it.</p>
<p>Still, it hadn’t been as though they’d simply doomed him to stay there, had it? They’d only taken one Hunter vessel between them, in spite of their preference to avoid them altogether where possible. They’d been guilty enough to have left him with everything, and Trycrur wondered if the others also predicted that the human would remain there until forced to leave. She knew he was stubborn enough, but she thought the main problem was <em>hope</em>. Every successful bit of work aboard the Zhadersil had dangled hope in front of them; hope to restore the ship, and hope to use it to take the fight to the Hunters. It had taken the flight deck fire to destroy the hope in the rest of them, but it hadn’t been enough for Adrian. Hope was his poison.</p>
<p>She sighed. She had never used to think this way. Before being abducted by the Corti, and before meeting Adrian, she had been a capable Weapons Designer for the Dominion, focused on finding ways to refine and advance current technology. Upon her return she had started to turn the ideas she had discussed with Adrian into living reality, only to be pulled from the Design team for psychological review. They had suspected her time spent with the human – and his beautiful, evil mind – had corrupted her way of thinking. Why else build weapons that could kill so indiscriminately?</p>
<p>It could be true, however; Trycrur had once been a naive worker following the status quo. The Rauwryhr that had returned had wanted to ’fuck shit up.’ She was beginning to suspect that the two were even more distinct, and that the latter lacked the home to return to. Everybody had noticed the change, and they were now past the time of tolerance and to the stage of trying to get her medical assistance. Even her two husbands had overstepped their bounds and tried to have her assessed.</p>
<p>And so Trycrur found herself living a life where nobody understood her. In the quiet moments she found that had even started to miss the Zhadersil, at least as it was after the Corti had been dealt with and the ship had considered Adrian to be its new master. There hadn’t been any bureaucracy getting in the way of what she enjoyed doing there, and no psychological examinations to keep her ’deteriorated mental state’ in check.</p>
<p>So that was why, when Chir’s call had come through, she’d hurried to connect the link.</p>
<p>“Chir,” she greeted him cheerily. “It is good to see you again.”</p>
<p>“And you,” he replied. “How is life after the Zhadersil treating you?”</p>
<p>She hesitated, long enough that he must have noticed. “They are treating me for a deteriorated mental state. I do not believe that there <em>is</em> anything wrong, however.”</p>
<p>“They’re doing the same to me,” Chir replied. “And it seems I was absent for longer than I had thought. My world is now part of the Dominion, and they have only just released me from questioning.”</p>
<p>“Have you heard anything about the situation with the Corti Directorate?” she asked. “Last I heard they had disavowed any connection to Bekmer and Treoffa’s actions.”</p>
<p>“The situation hasn’t changed,” Chir replied dourly. “The Dominion appear disinclined to push the matter, especially with their attention on the Celzi. There is no continuing investigation.”</p>
<p>Trycrur bared her teeth angrily. “Those... those ’fuckers’!” she spat. “They didn’t tell me that!”</p>
<p>“They didn’t tell me that, either,” Chir said, anger clearly evident in his eyes. “I got it from a friend with higher connections. I got something else as well: the Dominion is gearing up to go looking for the Zhadersil.”</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>