<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: II</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: II</h1>
<p class="author">By devourerkwi</p>
<div id="main-body">




<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
</ul>

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellum_se_ipsum_alet">Bellum se ipsum alet</a></em>: War feeds itself</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braccae">Braccae</a></em>: Trousers worn by legionaries in cooler climates</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caligae">Caliage</a></em>: Military boots worn by legionaries that were made from layers of heavy leather and resembled sandals</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centurion">Centurion</a></em>: A mid–level officer in the Roman army who commanded 80 men</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montefortino_helmet">Montefortino helmet</a></em>: A helmet worn by Roman infantry that had a knob on the top and neck and cheek protection</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paludamentum">Paludamentum</a></em>: A cape fastened at one shoulder, worn by Roman commanders</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<p>Lucius’s first, careful step into the hallway made too much noise, his caligae stained with bodily fluids that started to crack as they dried.  Their fight had been brief but the portal’s destruction had caused a ruckus he was sure other sentries would have heard.  He approached the first portal on the left and spied a window about 10 feet off the ground, roughly where the heads of the four–armed things were, just below the top of the portal.  The portal itself protruded a bit from the sleek, silvery wall and he thought he might be able to jump and grab the edge, holding himself aloft for a few seconds so he could see inside.</p>
<p>He beckoned to the Batavian and pointed at the window, silently gesturing his intent to try to see through it.  The Batavian nodded and moved to stand guard as Lucius bent into a quarter–squat and exhaled slowly, readying himself.  His legs impelled his body upward and he sailed straight past the window and into the ceiling.</p>
<p>He cried out in pain despite the protection of his Montefortino helmet and started falling back to the ground, albeit far more slowly than he expected.  He found he had time to reorient himself and land on his feet, his caligae’s worn leather cushioning his impact.  Something was gravely wrong; he shouldn’t be able to jump so high and he should have fallen much faster.  He looked up and noticed that his helmet had left a puncture and dent where it had hit the ceiling; Lucius didn’t know why this happened, but he jumped with less power and felt as if he was floating up to the window.  He grasped the protruding top of the portal and held himself up, finding it surprisingly easy.  Lucius was quite strong, but he felt as if he were lifting his youngest son, not himself.</p>
<p>But he had found more Romans.  He saw two soldiers, easily recognizable by their braccae.  He also saw a senior officer, his paludamentum curiously flapping in what must be a great wind he could neither feel nor hear.  He saw them start to slide across the floor as if being pulled by an invisible rope, their hands clawing at the floor, looking for something to grab ahold of.  He felt the entire corridor shudder and heard the creaking of bending, failing metal.  He saw the far walls behind the window visibly give way and reveal an inky black speckled with white dots.  The Romans inside hurtled toward it and disappeared into the darkness.</p>
<p>Lucius let go of the portal–top in a daze and fell slowly to the ground, sagging to his knees in defeat.  The Batavian strode to the next portal on the right and jumped up, unleashing a feral roar as he peered through.  He pushed himself off the ceiling and to the floor, rebelliously punching the first thing he saw: A glowing light at his eye level on the side of the portal.  It opened obligingly and Lucius felt an unnaturally strong wind pushing him toward it, sucking the air from his lungs.</p>
<p>His body slammed into the right–hand wall and it abated the mysterious wind’s force just enough for him to see the Batavian’s bulk splayed across the portal–hole, arms and legs spread apart, straining.  Lucius carefully braced his caligae against the protruding part of the portal and slowly bent toward the Batavian, wrapping his arms around one of the man’s massive, rippling legs.  He pulled.</p>
<p>The Batavian felt Lucius’s help and did his best to hurl himself toward Lucius, rolling out of the portal–hole and impacting the glowing light at the portal’s side with the whole of his torso.  The portal obligingly closed, stopping the wind.  Lucius and the Batavian fell to the floor, sucking in great gasps of air.  The Batavian started laughing.  Lucius stood up and plodded back to their holding room, certain that the other rooms had met the same fate these two had.  He couldn’t fathom why his room’s walls were still intact.</p>
<p>As he entered their room he looked around to try and find the women and boy.  The boy was crying—understandably so, Lucius mused—into his mother’s arms as her terror–stricken gaze went straight through Lucius and into a place far, far away.  The silk–clad woman sat with her legs crossed and head bowed, her long hair a tousled, tangled mess.</p>
<p>“We cannot stay here,” said Lucius.  He was met with no response.  “We cannot stay here!” he repeated, raising his voice.  They remained silent, seemingly ignoring him.  “We must leave!” he shouted.  The boy’s crying stopped; his mother refocused on Lucius’s frantic visage.  The silk–clad woman peered at him through her hair.  “We must leave,” he pleaded, “or we will surely die.”</p>
<p>Lucius felt a rough, calloused hand on his shoulder and turned to find the Batavian looking down at him with sad, icy blue eyes behind thick blonde hair that spilled over his forehead and touched his nose.  Lucius’s shoulders sagged for a moment before he remembered himself.  “<em>I am the Third Alaudæn Centurion</em>,” he thought, “<em>and I must lead these people from this place.</em>”</p>
<p>He thought for a moment and realized that the others did not speak Latin.  He steeled his posture and gestured to himself, saying, “Lucius,” then pointing at the Batavian and asking, “And you?”</p>
<p>The Batavian smiled ferociously, sensing Lucius’s  newfound resolve.  “Ha!  Dieter!” he said, jamming a thumb into his chest.  “Dieter!  Lucius!” he bellowed, clapping Lucius on the arms and raising his fists in triumph, laughing as if he had just won a war.</p>
<p>“Dieter and Lucius,” agreed Lucius.  He turned to the mother and son and held his hand out with his palm open and facing up.  “And you?” he asked.</p>
<p>The boy sniffled and spoke slowly and quietly.  “My name is Isidorus,” he said in heavily accented, broken Latin.  “My mother, Berenice.  From Alexandria,” he finished, receding into his mother’s arms.  She remained quiet, keeping at Lucius with her piercing, ghastly stare.  She might not speak a word of Latin, and Lucius didn’t know Egyptian.  He turned to the silk–clad woman.</p>
<p>“Yan,” she said, preempting his question.  She flew into a rapid monologue in a harsh–sounding language Lucius didn’t recognize, abruptly stopping, probably because she realized that he had no idea what she was saying.  She bowed her head and glanced up at him expectantly, unwilling to make eye contact.</p>
<p>“Lucius.  Dieter.  Isidorus.  Berenice.  Yan,” said Lucius, gesturing to each person in succession.  He nodded to himself and turned to the portal.  “Come,” he said.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>