<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"                  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">                                <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">                <head>                  <title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: III</title>                </head>                                <body><h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: III</h1><p>by devourerkwi</p><div id="main-body"><p><strong>A complete listing of all parts of <em>Quod Erat Demonstrandum</em> is available <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/series/quod_erat_demonstrandum">here</a>.</strong></p>

<p><em>Special thanks are due to <a href="/u/iamcptplanet">/u/iamcptplanet</a> for many of the ideas used in this series and in this chapter in particular, as well as invaluable discussion, editing, and enthusiasm.</em></p>

<p>According to the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse/timeline">official timeline</a> on the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse">Jenkinsverse Wiki</a>, the Corti abducted the first humans around 2,000 years before the Vancouver incident.  This is the story of those abductees, set in the year 70 AD.</p>

<hr />

<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>

<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
</ul>

<hr />

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>

<ul>
<li><p><em>Et lux in tenebris lucet</em>: And light shines in the darkness</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paludamentum">Paludamentum</a></em>: A cape fastened at one shoulder, worn by Roman commanders</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pilum">Pilum</a></em>: A heavy javelin used by Roman soldiers, somewhat longer than a large man, that could be thrown 50-100 feet</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<hr />

<p>“<em>At least nobody can come from behind us</em>,” thought Lucius as he crept through the metal hallway.  It wasn’t particularly long; a good soldier would be able to throw his pilum down its length.  The next two portals hid the same white-speckled black and each protected them from another powerful gale.  He had stopped checking them after the third nearly claimed frail Berenice.  Now, he and Dieter led the party as their footsteps echoed up and down the hallway, Isidorus swinging between Berenice and Yan, holding their hands.</p>

<p>They soon reached a dead end.  Another portal blocked their path and they had nowhere to hide from the gales, so Lucius had the others retreat to their original room while he wedged himself into the corner between the portal and the wall.  He slapped at the curious light that controlled the portal and it opened with an abrupt whir and hiss, but no gale came.  He peeked in and saw a new room filled with glowing tables but immediately slapped at the light again to close the portal, hoping he hadn’t been seen.  He backed away it, reaching the original holding room without ever taking his eyes off the portal.  </p>

<p>“Dieter,” he said, and the man perked.  “Come.”</p>

<p>“Battle?” asked Dieter, using one of the few Latin words he knew outside of Lucius’s name.  Lucius shrugged and drew his metal stick, walking back toward the end of the hallway.  Dieter followed him, also having drawn his metal stick, and they took up positions on either side of the portal.  Lucius used hand signals to tell Dieter which sides of the room they would each check and clear and Dieter nodded, grinning.  He was excited; Lucius was solemn.  Dieter lived to fight; Lucius got the job done.  It was the difference between warriors and soldiers, uncivilized and civilized.</p>

<p>Lucius exhaled and hardened himself, then nodded at Dieter to punch the portal-light.  He did and they scanned the sides of the new room opposite themselves, neither seeing anything moving.  Lucius nodded again and they crossed each other as they entered the new room, stealthily moving through it.  As they reached the other side they found a trio of new ... things ... huddled up against the far wall.  They were as tall as the four-armed things but their skin was patterned into a white-and-blue zebra stripe and they had two arms and four legs.  Their long necks made them look like giraffes and despite how much bigger they were than even Dieter, they were trembling.</p>

<p>“Surrender!” demanded Lucius, brandishing his metal stick menacingly.  They made a series of clicking sounds and tried to back up farther.  One lost its nerve and tried to run past Dieter, but with a gleeful roar he set off after it.  One enormous stride covered more distance than Lucius thought natural and one enormous hand grabbed at the thing’s left hind leg.  There was a sickening crunch that Lucius recognized as shattering bone and a whump signaled the beast falling to the ground.  Dieter yanked the thing’s leg and it tore straight off, spraying him in a geyser of blood.  He stood in shock, holding the dismembered leg as the thing bled along the floor as it tried to crawl away, wailing in slow, pained clicks.</p>

<p>Dieter’s mirth evaporated and he slowly circled around the blue giraffe, stooping in front of its face and solemnly whispering something to it.  He placed his hand on its head and the beast’s clicking intensified, rising in pitch and volume until it hurt Lucius’s ears.  Dieter suddenly jammed his metal stick into its neck, clearly hoping to mercifully end its suffering, and the beast convulsed with astounding seizures, a single line of blood dripping from the puncture wound as its clicks grew erratic.  Dieter stood and backed away from the beast, mortified, and Lucius ran over—it took a mere four strides to cover such distance—and yanked the metal stick from the beast’s neck, careful to grasp the handle and not where its blade should be.  The blue giraffe lay crumpled in a smoking heap, the smell of burnt flesh and crisp meat adding to the bloody stench that already permeated the room.</p>

<p>Lucius deigned to throw the metal stick at Dieter’s feet and walked back to the other two blue giraffes.  They cowered before him, swinging their necks down low, unwilling to look at him.  Lucius sheathed his metal stick as he stood over them, unsure of what to do.</p>

<p>“Don’t hurt them,” squeaked a small voice from behind him.  Lucius whirled around to find Isidorus hiding behind one of the glowing tables.  He turned and knelt, beckoning the boy to come over.</p>

<p>“I won’t,” he said, “unless they try to hurt us.”</p>

<p>“Then why did Dieter kill one?” asked Isidorus.</p>

<p>“He didn’t mean to,” said Lucius.  “Look at him: He is a proud warrior but his face is full of shock.”  Isidorus turned to face Dieter and found the Batavian staring through him the way his mother had stared through Lucius.  “A warrior does not mourn a kill like this, Isidorus.”</p>

<p>Yan tiptoed into the room, Berenice on her heels, and pulled the boy from the scene and back to his mother, guiding them both to the far side of the room behind a large glowing table that obscured the grisly scene.  Lucius walked to Dieter and studied his old enemy’s face with a hardened glare.  Then he punched him square in the jaw.</p>

<p>Dieter took the blow and hardly flinched.  His eyes turned to meet Lucius’s and they were glazed and wet, his mouth hanging open slightly, letting a trickle of blood out of the corner of his lip.  His shoulders sagged and he tried to say something but all Lucius heard was the soft gibberish of a remorseful barbarian.</p>

<p>Lucius looked around the room, really looked around, for the first time, and noticed the small windows spaced every few feet.  He walked to one and pressed his face to it, gasping as he looked outside.  The same speckled blackness he had seen behind the hallway portals took up the entire field of view.  He went from window to window, each one showing a black palette pocked with bright white dots.  He went to the other side of the room to check those windows but the first one showed him a figure cloaked in a paludamentum, floating as if on the sea’s surface after drowning.</p>

<p>Dieter kept babbling and Lucius turned to head back to his new prisoners, unable to figure out what had happened to his compatriot.  Behind him, Isidorus spoke to the still-silent Berenice in hushed Egyptian while Yan tended to both of them.  The blue giraffes stayed quiet, clearly terrified.  A portal whirred and hissed and a gray figure about Isidorus’s height strode into the room.  Its eyes took up most of its face and its ears came to a sharp point at the sides of a swollen head that pulsed with each breath.  It approached Lucius and stared up at him coldly.</p>

<p>“Are you done killing my employees?” it asked in perfect Latin.</p>
</div><div id="comments"></div></body></html>