<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Rat in Sheep's Clothing</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Rat in Sheep's Clothing</h1>
<p class="author">By hume_reddit</p>
<div id="main-body">
<p>What was it with aliens and pancakes?</p>

<p>When Xiù had volunteered to help in the kitchen she’d only thought about helping the Gaoians in <em>some</em> way.  She was a stranger – not even of their own species – and yet they’d given her shelter, a bed, food, and even clothing.  They were amazingly good people, and she didn’t feel right lazing about and leaching on their hospitality.</p>

<p>After a few weeks – when Myun’s lessons got her to the point where she thought she could express herself coherently – she offered to clean.  But there wasn’t much she could clean… that was a chore left to the cubs, who each day after the evening meal would descend on a different room as a pack – nearly fifty strong! – and have it spotless within minutes.  It was hilarious and awe–inspiring, and the lone human barely had time to lift a cloth before the job was done.</p>

<p>Her next try was helping the Sisters with the gardens, but winter was coming, and again there was little to do.  Her strength helped a little, carrying ceramic pots and bags of earth, but it wasn’t <em>necessary</em>, because the Gaoians had amazing floating sleds that defied gravity which the Sisters used to carry around anything heavy.  It was a subtle reminder that the people who had taken her in were a spacefaring race, possessing technologies hundreds, maybe thousands of years ahead of humanity.</p>

<p>Eventually, it was an “incident” that gave her an idea.</p>

<p>The commune often had what she’d call “game nights”, where the Mothers would gather together and play what appeared to be cards.  The “cards” were discs, but had the same general idea: one side was blank, while the other had a picture and a value.  The game involved assembling a collection of the cards, and cards could be bartered between players as well as randomly drawn.  Each player’s “pool” could be viewed, but not their final collection… so it was like someone had crossed assembling a puzzle with poker.</p>

<p>Ayma had invited her to one of these games, and after some brief explanation of the rules she’d joined in.  They snacked on little finger foods that looked and tasted like naan chips and passed around numerous jugs of a tart juice they called <em>talamay</em> which reminded Xiù of Fanta.  They played and chittered and talked, and while Xiù had a rather limited Gaoian vocabulary and didn’t get most of the jokes, she listened carefully, sipping on her <em>talamay</em>.</p>

<p>She lost the first six games, which really wasn’t a surprise.  She won the seventh, which was.  Soon, she was winning almost every game, but the Mothers took it in good stride and cheered her wins with amusing little fist pumps.  She drank her <em>talamay</em> and toasted them for their good sport, though she’d had to explain the gesture.  By the twentieth game she was losing again… though that might have had something to do with the fact that the cards had traitorously turned into blurred splotches of colour.</p>

<p>As it turned out, <em>talamay</em> contained rather a lot of alcohol.  And Xiù – who never drank – didn’t realize it until it was too late.</p>

<p>She was <em>so</em> glad her mother wasn’t there to see her.</p>

<p>It didn’t affect Gaoians the way it did humans, so the Mothers looked on with curiosity and concern as Xiù excused herself, climbing to shaky feet.  She made it five steps before she fell over, and she had to assure the suddenly worried Mothers that she was fine – she was better than fine, everything was amazing!  Xiù was a happy drunk, and her giggles sounded a lot like Gaoian chittering.  She wasn’t really sure whether she was speaking English or Gaori or Mandarin, mind you… and would anyone mind if she just slept right here?  <em>Xiè xiè!</em></p>

<p>They ended up calling the commune doctor, a serious but pleasant Mother by the name of Trivai, but there was nothing she could do.  She didn’t know what was <em>happening</em>, much less what to do about it, so in the end they just left her where she was (she was too heavy to lift) and kept an eye on her to make sure she didn’t vomit or stop breathing.  Not difficult, because apparently she snored when sleeping the sleep of the sloshed.</p>

<p>When she woke up the next morning it was to a quietly keening Myun sitting nearby, worrying about her friend.  Xiù managed to assure the little cub she was fine… or she would be.  At that particular moment her head wanted water, a dark room, and silence.  Please, please, Myun: <em>silence</em>.</p>

<p>Eventually she was coherent enough to explain what had happened to the Mothers, as difficult as it was considering she didn’t know their word for alcohol.  They listened with relief and humour… and though they’d been worried at the time the entire incident eventually became a source of comedy.  Xiù didn’t mind… seeing the “mighty human” laid low by <em>juice</em> of all things did a lot to humanize (Gaoianize?) her in the eyes of those Mothers and Sisters who were still nervous in her presence.  She suffered the teasing with their version of a sheepish shrug – a ducking of the head and rolling eyes.</p>

<p>But it was a good lesson: she’d been blindly eating what they gave her, without really thinking about it.  She was living on an alien world, eating alien food, and it was surprising she hadn’t had a reaction to anything.  She wasn’t a biologist or even a nutritionist, but she should <em>probably</em> be paying attention to what she put in her mouth.  The easiest way to do that was to see her food being made… and maybe help out a little bit while doing so!</p>

<p>An idea!</p>

<p>She’d worked at a Chinese restaurant though most of her highschool years and sometimes during summer vacation from university, so she knew her way around a kitchen.  Her mother had also taught her how to cook (so that she could be a “proper wife”).  At first she’d resented it, but she soon learned that it was a handy skill.  Bringing a tray of <em>xiā jiǎo</em> or <em>lo mai gai</em> always made her immensely popular at a party: her Cantonese friends always appreciated the taste of home, and her caucasian friends didn’t know the difference between Mandarin and Cantonese food but thought it was delicious all the same.</p>

<p>With Ayma’s blessing she learned how to cook Gaoian food.  It wasn’t particularly hard.  Most of the dishes were fairly simple: breads, and steamed vegetables, and roasted meats.  She did not ask where the meats came from: she’d learned <em>that</em> lesson the hard way.  She was no stranger to exotic foodstuffs… she was Chinese, after all, with a very traditionalist mother.  Chicken feet, beef tripe, even <em>xiě dòufǔ</em> or “blood tofu” – she’d eaten it all, with varying levels of enthusiasm (she’d rather french fries or a turkey sub).</p>

<p>Still, learning that <em>nava</em> paste – an ingredient in a lot of Gaoian foodstuffs – was made from pureeing the innards of a roasted grub the size of her forearm <em>really</em> tested her limits.</p>

<p>Once she’d grasped the basic dishes, she began… experimenting.  The Gaoians didn’t have rice, but they <em>did</em> have something like flour.  Rather than sugar, they used something like sweet bay leaves.  They had salt, of course, and a variety of interesting spices.  Xiù played with them, mixing and matching, until she managed to cook up a reasonable facsimile of <em>dòu shā bāo</em>, or sweet paste buns.  She wolfed down half the batch out of pure homesickness… then began “testing” her creations on the others at the commune.</p>

<p>Myun liked them, but the little Gaoian thought her human friend could walk on water.  Xiù suspected she could lay around all day in her bra and panties, drinking beer and belching like a frat boy during exams, and Myun would think it was the Best Thing Ever… the little girl wasn’t exactly <em>unbiased</em>.  So instead she brought her experiments to Yulna, because if she’d learned anything during her time with the community, it was that you could rely on Yulna to tell you exactly what she thought.</p>

<p>The <em>bāo</em> went over well.  Noodles were a huge hit; soups and thin sauces not so much (it tended to drip through chin fur).  She learned that Gaoians tended to like their food sweet, and didn’t care at all for hot spices.  That was unfortunate… Xiù loved spicy food.</p>

<p>But she <em>really</em> hit the jackpot when she made pancakes, and she didn’t know why… it wasn’t like the Gaoians were strangers to sweetbreads.  Maybe it was the presentation, or the syrup she made to go along with it, or the idea of topping it with fruit.  In any event it was hugely popular, and it became something of a new tradition for a Mother or Sister who had agreed to a mating contract to march into the meal hall and demand some.</p>

<p>Aliens, mating, and pancakes.  <em>So weird</em>.</p>
<p>Xiù’s best friend growing up had been a girl named Allison Chan.  The two had drifted apart a little bit as they entered university, but Allison would always be one of her favourite people.  Xiù had been interested in acting, while Allison was more practical–minded, choosing sociology as her degree.</p>

<p>Allison would have <em>loved</em> Gao.  There was enough material on the alien world to author a <em>million</em> papers.</p>

<p>Xiù knew that the Gaoians separated themselves into clans.  The males tended to form many clans, while the females all belonged to one.  The females were like a nation within nations… the male clans would take and hold territory, compete and fight, while the females drifted as they wished, not caring one whit about lines on a map.  They generally kept themselves out of the bickering and politicking of the males, so long as no cubs or females were harmed… but when they <em>did</em> act, it was as a whole, and no clan on Gao could resist them.</p>

<p>When she learned that the Gaoian genders tended to keep to themselves, Xiù had wondered if the females were kept like pets in gilded cages.  Not so: the females could go anywhere they wanted, learn anything they wanted, seek any job they wanted.  In a curious contrast to Earth’s own outdated stereotypes, it was <em>males</em> who had to fight the assumption that they were flighty and emotional, though they were also seen as bold and adventurous, almost reckless.  Females were seen as steadfast, practical, and resolute.</p>

<p>Marriage didn’t exist on Gao, but they did have their own form of dating.  Females were entirely in charge of the reproductive process, and the males essentially spent their lives trying to attract the interest of a female (so overall it wasn’t that different from Earth, Xiù thought with amusement).  The means to attract a female was as widely varied as it was for humans… some Gaoian females liked physically strong males, others liked those who were intelligent.  Some preferred the wealthy or politically powerful, while others simply favoured those males who were kind.</p>

<p>If a male caught a female’s attention, he could offer a mating contract.  If she agreed, they would meet, “do the deed”... and then most likely never see each other again.  Cubs were raised by the community – the mating contract was a record and safety against inbreeding, but a Gaoian almost never knew their true parents beyond what clan they were in.  <em>All</em> males tithed a portion of their earnings to the Clan of Females to support the raising of the cubs.  A male could tithe as much as he wanted to, and some were quite generous in an attempt to gain favour with the females (although a male who tithed so much he hurt himself was considered an idiot and actually lowered his chances).</p>

<p>This made Xiù feel guilty, because she knew her upkeep must be fairly expensive.  She ate a lot compared to the other females, and though the nutrient spheres she used as supplements were fairly cheap, she also needed to take mineral supplements… particularly calcium.  The Gaoians were very advanced, but surely her special needs weren’t free.  Were there two or three males out there forced to sponsor a female they had absolutely <em>no</em> chance of scoring with?  She hoped not; she didn’t even like it when a guy would tip too much at her waitressing job in the hopes of getting her phone number.</p>

<p>Then there was the search for Earth, which apparently involved up to three Gaoian cruisers at this point.  Xiù tried to picture any government on her homeworld devoting <em>three</em> ships to searching for the homeland of one stranger.  Ayma assured her that it wasn’t a hardship – in fact, the males got a thrill out of that sort of thing.  Still, Xiù’s gratitude couldn’t be measured.</p>

<p>She hoped she’d have an opportunity to return the favour someday.</p>

<p>She wasn’t sure how long she’d spent on her adoptive world.  It had been about three–quarters of a Gaoian year, but she didn’t know how long that was in Earth years.  She wasn’t even sure how long a local <em>day</em> was… she didn’t have a watch, and her iPhone had run out of battery within three days of her kidnapping and had been left behind at Trig’s facility.  But she had to have been on Gao for nearly an Earth year.  The Gaoians were wonderful people, but somewhere on Earth her parents and brother must think she was dead, and it made her sick to think of how they must feel.</p>

<p>There was nothing she could do to help, though… nothing she could say without sounding demanding or ungrateful.  So she helped with the small chores she was capable of, and waited.</p>

<p>It was a fairly early morning and the commune was enjoying its breakfast.  It wasn’t a “pancake” day, though one Sister, Eama, was heavily pregnant and due almost any day.  Most of the commune was enjoying their typical breakfast of cereal or the Gaoian equivalent of oatmeal.  The one sign of Xiù’s influence was the “whipped cream” that some of the Mothers and Sisters were piling on top of of their nuts and berries… the human had figured out how to sweeten and whip the liquid from a foodstuff that was remarkably like soy.  It was a big hit, both in the commune and beyond.</p>

<p>Xiù sat at the table along with the other Sisters, a bowl of cereal in front of her, most of it already gone.  It was hard not to compare the meal hall of the commune with the Great Hall from the Harry Potter movies.  Closest to the main doors were the long tables where the cubs would sit, chattering and chittering and generally being noisy like children should be.  In the middle were the tables where the thirty or so Sisters – including the lone human – would sit, more dignified than the cubs but sometimes not by much.  At the front of the room was the single long table, arranged perpendicular to the others, where the twenty Mothers who remained at the commune sat and watched the rest.</p>

<p>Comparing the commune to Hogwarts often cheered Xiù up.  Even the personalities matched in some cases.  Mother Garmin, the “headmaster”, was cheerful and happy and always knew what was going on, though she sometimes pretended otherwise.  Serious, watchful Ayma was definitely McGonagall.  Yulna could be Snape… not because she was malicious or petty, but because she had no time or interest in anyone else’s crap and wasn’t shy about saying it.</p>

<p>Xiù rolled one of her nutrition spheres around in the remains of the nuts in the bottom of her bowl.  The spheres didn’t taste bad, but they didn’t taste <em>good</em> either, and the texture was awful… the crunch of the nuts helped a lot.  The Sisters at the table paid no mind; her appetite had long since ceased to be worthy of comment, much to her relief.  She knew she <em>needed</em> the nutrients – it was a struggle just to keep her weight up – but she still felt like a gluttonous pig every time she had to eat one of the spheres, a single one of which was an entire meal to a Gaoian.</p>

<p>She had finished the sphere and was swallowing her calcium supplement when the room quieted slightly.  She looked up to see a lone male Gaoian marching through the meal hall, catching the interest of some of the cubs and Sisters.  The male – obviously not a member of the commune – marched up to Garmin and spoke quietly, ducking his head in respect.  The nearby Mothers could hear what was being said, and as their eyes flickered over to Xiù, she knew what – or who – was being discussed.</p>

<p>Garmin caught her gaze and gestured, calling her over.  Xiù left her empty bowl (one of the cubs would grab it later, cleaning the tables was part of their chores...) and walked up to the head table.</p>

<p>“Shoo,” Garmin greeted.  None of the Gaoians could pronounce her given name, but honestly a lot of her friends in Canada had struggled, too.  The Head Mother nodded toward the male.  “This is Officer Regaari, who is part of the security and executive staff for Mother–Supreme Giymuy, and her liaison to the Whitecrest clan.”</p>

<p>Regaari was taller than Xiù but he still ducked his head respectfully.  “Sister Shoo.  I’ve been sent by the Mother–Supreme to ask you to come to the capital city.  I don’t know the details, but I believe she needs you for a meeting.”  He had evidently noticed the slow, careful way Garmin spoke to her and emulated it.  Xiù appreciated the gesture… she was still nowhere near fluent in Gaori, the principal language of the world she was on, and when someone spoke too fast she would get lost.</p>

<p>“Okay.  Um… what reason?”</p>

<p>She knew her question was clumsy, but to his credit Regaari knew what she was asking.  “I’m afraid I don’t know the subject, but I believe it has to do with the negotiations with the Dominion.”</p>

<p>“Okay.  When leave?  Pardon, when do we leave?”</p>

<p>“I have a shuttle here now, and I’ll bring you back in time for the evening meal.”</p>

<p>Garmin held up a paw.  “Sister Shoo will need someone to come along with her.”</p>

<p>Ayma stood up.  “I can help.  Yulna can teach my class this morning.”</p>

<p>“Oh <em>joy</em>,” the Mother in question responded, but she bobbed her head in a Gaoian nod.  Xiù hid a grin.</p>
<p>Realizing something, she turned and raised an arm to wave toward the back of the room where Myun sat eating breakfast with her brothers and sisters – cubs of different mothers but who were near the same age.  She’d been watching Xiù the moment she’d been called to the front table, and she darted to her feet and practically ran over.</p>

<p>“Myun, I must go to meeting in capital,” Xiù explained.  “So probably no <em>taiji</em> today, okay?  Or,” the furry little girl perked up from the crestfallen look that had been crossing her features, “maybe if I not back, <em>you</em> lead practice.  Okay?”</p>

<p>“Me?” she squeaked.</p>

<p>“Sure!  Go through to <em>zhuǎn shēn piě shēn chuí</em>, twice maybe, but don’t make others stay if not want, okay?”</p>

<p>“Yes!  I will!”  Myun made the little fist–pumping gesture that was an eager cheer with both paws, then scurried back to her table to share the news.  The corners of Xiù’s mouth rose in a close–lipped grin: Gaoian cubs were so ridiculously cute.  Myun was a hard worker, too – more dedicated to her martial arts than Xiù had ever been – and she had no worries that the cub could handle the practice group, which had ballooned to nearly a dozen curious and eager cubs of both genders.</p>

<p>With that, Ayma gestured to Regaari and he lead the pair of them out of the meal hall.  Xiù noticed a couple of the Mothers and a number of the Sisters following the tall male with their eyes as they left.  Gaoian males spent so much time and energy trying to gain the notice of females that those who played aloof or hard–to–get actually got a lot of attention.  Xiù just assumed he was being professional.</p>

<p>The “landing pad” wasn’t far from the meal hall, and a small shuttle sat waiting for them, looking for all the world like a futuristic, gull–doored minivan.  The two females sat themselves in the back while Regaari took the pilot’s seat, and soon the vehicle was in the air, humming quietly with whatever strange technologies let it float through the air.</p>

<p>Xiù watched the landscape of Gao zip past below them.  After being brought to the commune, she’d only left once – again, to meet with the Mother–Supreme in the capital city – and the alien world was still new and amazing to her.  They passed over what was likely farmland, and then what seemed to be suburbs, and what looked to be a different commune of females, judging from the layout; they were too high for Xiù to make out details, and she resolved to ask Ayma when they returned.</p>

<p>Ayma was quiet, letting their alien visitor marvel at the sights to be seen out the shuttle’s windows.  After what Xiù guessed to be close to an hour, the capital city of Gao rose into view.  The city – named <em>Lavmuy</em>, apparently, but everyone just called it “the City” – was a huge arrangement of towering spires that wouldn’t have looked out of place in a Star Wars movie, glittering with lightweight but strong crystal and futuristic metals.  Near the center was the spaceport, and ships could be seen rising or falling slowly toward it, ranging from darting Gaoian personal craft barely larger than their shuttle to enormous, lumbering beasts ten times the size of the American aircraft carrier which had once visited Victoria.</p>

<p>The Clan Hall, or center of government for the planet, was located not far from the spaceport.  The building was relatively squat compared to those around it, in part due to its age.  A few landing pads were arranged like leaves here and there along its length, and their shuttle descended towards one near the very top.  A few Gaoians waited patiently along the walkway leading into the building.  Judging from the blue–green colours one of them wore – the colour of the Gao sky – Mother–Supreme Giymuy was present, which meant the others were her attendants.</p>

<p>Xiù smoothed out her own red overalls nervously.  All Gaoians wore overalls as their daily clothing, though personal tastes would add patterns, or extra pockets, or other customizations.  Xiù had been provided a number of her own, tailored for her longer legs, and because she didn’t have fur the Mothers had put their heads together and effectively invented the shirt.  A number had been made and given to her, in varying colours.  They were loose and comfortable, almost like robes.  She liked them, though she had to be careful about matching her colours in order to not feel like she was cosplaying the Mario Brothers.</p>

<p>The shuttle bumped slightly as Regaari set it down and the safeties on the doors released.  Ayma and Xiù hopped out, standing together as Giymuy and her assistants approached them.  Regaari took up a spot next to Ayma, and both ducked their heads toward the Mother–Supreme, while Xiù bowed to the elder Gaoian.</p>

<p>“Mother Ayma, Sister Shoo, it is good to see you,” Giymuy said.  She turned to Regaari.  “You were very prompt, Officer Regaari.  Thank you.”</p>

<p>“Of course, Mother–Supreme.  If I may be excused?”</p>

<p>“Of course.  I will send a message when I need you again.”</p>

<p>The male ducked his head again, turning to repeat the gesture to Ayma and Xiù.  Then he turned, entering the building via the walkway.  The eyes of the majority of Giymuy’s assistants followed him.</p>

<p>The Mother–Supreme turned to Xiù, noting the way the human observed the other females.  Her muzzle was set in the way that indicated amusement.  “You are wondering if he is a particularly handsome Gaoian male.  The answer is very much yes.”</p>

<p>Xiù almost burst into laughter, especially as the younger females – including Ayma – looked embarrassed.  “That explains much,” she replied.</p>

<p>“Indeed.  Too bad I am too old,” Giymuy remarked, drawing a shocked widening of the eyes from her retinue.  “Come, walk with me.”</p>

<p>Xiù obediently fell in beside the elder as she lead the way into the building.  Inside the Clan Hall was broad, rose–coloured hallways with dark, wooden rounded ceilings, dotted here and there with flowers and grasses set in long planters along the walls.  Xiù would almost think she was inside a hobbit hole, except for the occasional “painting” mounted on the walls, which were actually digital three–dimensional representations of various places around Gao, including from high in the sky and from space.  The Gaoians seemed to like a more “natural” decor… their buildings actually seemed less futuristic than Trig’s prison, but Xiù knew the miracles were there, hidden underneath.</p>

<p>Ayma and the assistants – Xiù still didn’t know what the half–dozen females actually <em>did</em> – had fallen in behind them as Giymuy lead them through the halls.  The lone human glanced sideways at Giymuy.  “You need me for meeting?” she asked.</p>

<p>“Yes,” the elder replied.  “Though not with me.  A representative from the Interspecies Dominion is here, and he has asked to speak with you.”</p>

<p>“The Dominion?”  They were the interstellar group that Gao was thinking of joining, weren’t they?  The organization that knew where Earth was?  Xiù felt hope flare inside her.</p>

<p>They had moved into a very wide, tall hallway that looked to stretch the entire length of the building.  More Gaoians, most male, were walking past, and they all ducked their heads in respect to the Mother–Supreme.  Wide doors made of wood or some similar alien material, nearly six metres tall, were set here and there along the hallway.  Giymuy came to a stop in front of one pair of doors, turning to Xiù.</p>

<p>“Yes.  His name is Furfeg, and he is <em>Guvnuragnaguvendrugun</em>.  He has asked to speak to you alone.  They are a large species, but they are plant–eaters, and friendly… you need not be afraid of him.”  The elder Gaoian laid a paw on Xiù’s arm.  “I do not know what he wants to speak to you about, but I have hopes that he intends to help you.  Do not agree to anything that makes you uncomfortable.  If you are unsure, call for me.”</p>

<p>“We’ll wait here,” Ayma promised.</p>

<p>Xiù wanted to hug the Mother–Supreme, but resisted.  “I will.  Thank you.”  At Giymuy’s nod, she turned to the door and touched the sensor bar that stretched from the level of her waist to a scant metre from the top of the door.  The door swung inward obediently without even the creak of hinges, and sensing her movement, closed immediately after she stepped through.</p>

<p>The room was huge and open, and the light from Gao’s sun shone through the crystal windows that lined the upper part of the ceiling.  A circle in the floor showed where a table could rise up out of the floor, surrounded by smaller circles that showed the locations of chairs that could do the same, adjusting their heights and shapes based on the species trying to use them.  Xiù had marvelled at them the last time she was in the capital… after she’d been “confirmed” as part of the Clan of Females, but politely asked to come meet the other Clan leaders simply to smooth over any tension because of it.</p>
<p>On the opposite side of the room was… Furfeg.  Giymuy hadn’t been kidding when she’d described him as large.  Xiù had thought the Locayl were big (Ayma had explained that Gaoians were relatively tiny compared to most sapient species, and by extension so were humans) but this species topped them by nearly a metre.  He was a four–legged mountain of brown fur, straddling a chair which had smoothed itself out into a bench that held his mass without apparent strain.  A pair of arms with three–fingered hands rested comfortably across his torso, as wide across as a queen–sized bed.  He reminded Xiù of Snuffleupagus for some reason… though he lacked the elephant–like trunk, he had long, floppy ears and shaggy fur.  His eyes were huge and blue, located closer to the sides of his head than a human’s or Gaoian’s, and Xiù remembered what Giymuy had said about his species being herbivores.</p>

<p>He stood as she entered, but didn’t approach her as she stared, wide–eyed.  She noticed that he lacked fur along a strip on each of his sides, and the skin beneath glowed colours, turning a light blue as he looked at her.</p>

<p>The large creature bobbed his head toward her.  “Greetings, Miss Chang,” he said in a deep, masculine voice, startling her.  “I am Furfeg.  Pleased to meet you.”</p>

<p>She stared at it – <em>him</em> – for long seconds, her jaw hanging open.  “You speak English!” she finally blurted.</p>

<p>He looked back at her, and the softly glowing lines along his sides pulsed.  “No, you <em>hear</em> English,” he said, and she heard the amusement in his voice.  “That is the name of the principal language on your world, yes?  The… `language of business’, I believe you term it?”</p>

<p>“Y–yes… but how?”</p>

<p>He tapped the side of his overlarge head, and she realized she could see small tracings there under his fur… cybernetics of some sort.  “High–end language translation implant… it doesn’t require pairing with an implant in the sapient you’d like to converse with.  Very handy in my line of work.”</p>

<p>“What work is that?”</p>

<p>“Fundamentally?  I’m a diplomat.  Assigned here as part of the Interspecies Dominion’s efforts to entice Gao into joining… not just provisionally, but as a full standing member.  Efforts that were very much on the cusp of success.  <em>Until</em>, as it happens, this world gained a new member, one who is very much <em>not</em> Gaoian.”  At her confused look, his eyes flickered toward the closed doors.  “I take it the Mother–Supreme did not explain my reasons for wishing to meet you?”</p>

<p>Xiù laced her fingers together to keep them from fidgeting.  “N–no, she just said it was important.”</p>

<p>“Ah.”  That great shaggy head bobbed back and forth, and she assumed it was his equivalent of a nod.  “Then, Miss Chang – `miss’ is the appropriate honorific, is it not? – I’ll explain it plainly: the government of Gao and its single colony have agreed to join the Dominion as a full, voting member.”  He waved one arm, including the entire world in the gesture.  “This agreement has been a long time in coming, and the negotiations have been some of the most challenging of my career.  The Gaoians are very clever, and aren’t to be tricked.  That cunning is why we seek them, and in return they’ll gain a number of trade advantages as well as mutual defense agreements.”</p>

<p>“That sounds good,” she said.  “But… where do I come in?”</p>

<p>“Ah… the Gaoians have added one small, last–minute proviso to the agreement.  Namely, that as part of the deal the Dominion is either to supply Gao with the location of your homeworld and the right to deliver you there, or we are to transport you there ourselves.  They’ve made it <em>very</em> clear that they aren’t willing to negotiate on that point.”</p>

<p>Her heart flew.  “Can you?  Bring me home?”</p>

<p>He hesitated.  “No.”</p>

<p>Her hopes crashed back into the ground.  “W–what?  But you just said the Gaoians won’t negotiate on that!”</p>

<p>“Yes.  And likewise, I cannot negotiate, either.  Bringing you home is not within my power.  So we are at an impasse… one only you can resolve.”</p>

<p>Her eyes began to burn.  “But <em>why?</em>  Why can’t you take me home?  You know where it is… the <em>Corti</em> know where it is!  If they can steal me on a lark then why can’t you bring me <em>back?</em>”</p>

<p>“There has been an… incident.  Are you familiar with the species we call Hunters?”</p>

<p>Xiù hesitated, fighting back tears.  “Y–yes… there’s been some mention of them.  They sound like… interstellar boogeymen?  They attack without warning and kidnap people?”</p>

<p>“They <em>harvest</em> people,” he corrected grimly.  “Though if the translator is processing `boogeymen’ correctly then yes, that’s a good descriptor.  They <em>consume</em> other sapient beings.  We are all herd animals to them, and though we know little about them, we know that their entire society – from their social status to perhaps even their procreation – is dependent on their hunts.  They strike without warning, and the more audacious the target the more they seem to like it.”</p>

<p>Xiù shuddered, thinking of a James Cameron movie.  Then she realized: “They attacked <em>Earth?</em>”</p>

<p>His head bobbed again.  “Yes.  Near the same area where you were taken.  In fact, we believe the Hunters may have simply followed the energy traces of the ship that took you, but instead found the more tempting target of a well–populated, undefended world.”</p>

<p>“What happened?”</p>

<p>“It was a slaughter.”  As her face paled, he held up a limb.  “Of the <em>Hunters</em>.”</p>

<p>“What?” she said disbelievingly.</p>

<p>“Oh, yes, I’ve seen the footage myself.  In fact, it seems to have somehow leaked out onto the interplanetary data–network,” he grumbled, and the strips along his sides tinted a pale red which then turned a soft blue.  “A cluster of Hunters – the most feared species current extant in the galaxy – attacked a human sporting event… hockey, I believe you call it.  They assaulted with their heavy pulse guns, your people replied with <em>wooden sticks</em>.  When it was all done there was not a single human fatality and the Hunters were smeared everywhere.  <em>Then</em> the audience complained that the ice surface was ruined and they couldn’t continue the game.”</p>

<p>She could only stare.  “Well… my people take hockey pretty seriously.”</p>

<p>“I’ll keep that in mind.”  His flanks rippled blue, and the translator filled his tone with humour.  “But now I hope you see the problem: the humans now have irrefutable proof not just of alien life, but of the existence of a practical means of travelling the stars.  And they know that some of the life among those stars is malicious.  The eyes of your world are aimed upward now, and your people are likely fingering their weapons as they watch.”
 </p>
<p>“Then.... then you need me!”  She held her hands toward him.  “I can talk to them for you!  I can explain to them that the Hunters aren’t part of your society, that you don’t mean any harm!  Let me help!”</p>

<p>Her hopes were dashed again as his flanks rippled black and grey, and he shook his head.  “I’m afraid it’s too late for that.”  The translator had made his voice solemn.</p>

<p>“What?  What does that mean?”  Her stomach had dropped to her feet and was currently congealing into lead in the vicinity of her toes.  “<em>What have you done?</em>” she rasped.</p>

<p>He held up a limb.  “No one has been harmed, nor will they be,” he explained.  “But your world has been placed under quarantine.  An interdiction field has been installed… a force field, surrounding your star system, preventing anything from entering or exiting.”</p>

<p>“What!  <em>Why?</em>”</p>

<p>The translator made the sound of a sigh.  “Because the galaxy is not ready for you.”</p>

<p>“Not ready for us?  Or do you mean we’re not ready for <em>it?</em>” she hissed between her teeth, sounding like Myun when she was angry.</p>
<p>“Either.  Both.  Look at your hands.”  Xiù blinked at the non–sequitor, but glanced down – her hands had clenched into fists in her shock and anger.  “The ignorant would look at us and assume that I am physically superior.  Yet, if I tried to strike you, I’d only end up hurting myself.  In comparison you could shatter my bones with little effort, and it would take weapons normally used against <em>armored vehicles</em> to harm you.  Your people move faster, hit harder, and can take more damage than any species the galaxy has seen, <em>including</em> the `boogeymen’ known as the Hunters.  In some ways you even <em>think</em> faster, your neural pathways optimized for defense… and attack.</p>

<p>“Then there’s those organisms living inside you.  If not for the Corti suppressor in your neck, Gao might very well be a plague–world already.”  He gestured helplessly.  “You – your people – are deadly in a way we’ve <em>never</em> seen before, and you come from a world where that deadliness was <em>needed</em>.”</p>

<p>The big alien leaned back in his seat, releasing another sigh.  “When this subject came up at the Galactic Council, I made a point of researching your species.  I have seen much of your culture, your artistic and technological output, and it is amazing.  You may be technologically inferior, but the competitiveness your world has forced into you has let you reach amazing highs… and terrifying lows.  It is those lows that ignite fear across the galaxy.”</p>

<p>“But we haven’t <em>done</em> anything yet!  You can’t accuse us of being evil while you have the Corti snatching people away and experimenting on them, others killing for a paycheque, and Hunters <em>eating</em> people!  Why are we worse than <em>them?</em>”</p>

<p>“You’re not.  But you could be.”  His voice was sorrowful.  “I’m very sorry.  Had the Corti left well enough alone, had the Hunters not been so arrogant… the situation might have been very different by the time your people had developed faster–than–light travel naturally.  But that isn’t the situation we have.”</p>

<p>She looked at him, too shocked to even form words.  It wasn’t until she realized that her flat stare was making him afraid that she looked down.  “So we’re tried, convicted, and imprisoned forever… for having <em>potential!</em>”  She was suddenly furious.  “Gao was right to think twice about joining you!  <em>Nǐmen quándōu shì dǎnxiǎoguǐ!</em>”</p>

<p>She didn’t know if his translator understood the Mandarin, but he flinched from her tone alone.  She ignored him, the anger rushing out of her as quickly as it had came; she moved over to sit on a chair that rose out of the floor and sized itself for a Gaoian, its best guess at what she would need.  She rested her elbows on her knees and hid her face in her hands.</p>

<p>Furfeg’s mouth opened, but whatever he was going to say was interrupted by the door bursting open and Ayma storming in, the Mother–Supreme following at a more measured pace behind her.  “Xiù!  You were shouting!  What happened?”  The Gaoian Mother glared at the big alien.</p>

<p>Xiù startled, surprised to hear perfect English coming from Ayma… apparently Furfeg’s translator worked for everyone in the vicinity.  <em>I could have been speaking properly to the people who’d taken me in… but they wouldn’t even let me have</em> that<em>!</em></p>

<p>“Furfeg, when you had me invite Xiù here, you lead me to believe that it would be to tell her something <em>positive</em>,” Giymuy said.  She never raised her voice, but her disapproval was like a physical force, and even an alien three times her size quailed in the face of it.</p>

<p>“Unfortunately not.  But she deserved to hear it from me.”</p>

<p>“What?  What did you tell her?” Ayma growled.</p>

<p>“They’ve… <em>walled off</em> Earth.  My homeworld,” Xiù answered for him.</p>

<p>Ayma seemed surprised to hear Xiù sound perfectly intelligible, but wasn’t to be distracted.  “What?  How?”</p>

<p>“An experimental device, essentially a system–encompassing energy barrier,” Furfeg clarified.  “It was installed several cycles ago.”</p>

<p>Even Giymuy seemed taken aback.  “That is <em>far</em> more than a quarantine, Furfeg!  Such measures are ridiculous… when did the Council decide on this?”</p>

<p>He shook his head.  “There was no debate.  The action was taken unilaterally by the Guvnuragnaguvendrugun Confederacy.  The other members… simply did not oppose.”</p>

<p>“Abomination,” Giymuy spit.  The Mother–Supreme was Xiù’s own mother dialed up to eleven, she decided.  “Is <em>this</em> what you would have Gao participate in, Furfeg?  Would you have <em>us</em> nod our heads as you create more prison worlds?  I told you the treaty would depend on helping Xiù!”</p>

<p>“Actually, I believe your exact words were that it would ‘depend on Xiù’, Mother–Supreme.  I reviewed the translator several times.  I interpreted that to mean that the treaty was subject to her approval, regardless of anything else.”</p>

<p>Xiù growled.  “You’re not a diplomat, you’re a <em>lawyer</em>.”</p>

<p>“Perhaps.  The two only differ in scale.”</p>

<p>“You really expect me to advise them to agree to join you?  After what you’ve done?”</p>

<p>“Yes,” he stated, and his colours turned black, implacable.  He took a step toward her, his need to convince her overcoming his natural fear of her as an unstoppable predator.  “Neither one of us can do anything to help your homeworld for the moment.  But you <em>can</em> help Gao.  The predatory species of the galaxy see them as prey because they are unaligned.  Once they join, attacking the Gaoians will be tantamount to attacking the Dominion, and even the Corti will hesitate.”</p>

<p>“Pardon me if I don’t see a whole lot of <em>potential</em> bravery in the Dominion!”</p>

<p>He bobbed his head, accepting the rebuke.  “Perhaps.  But anything is more than nothing, which is more than they have now.”</p>

<p>“You’re trying to blackmail her,” Ayma snapped.  “Let’s go, the air in here is bad–”</p>

<p>“Mother Ayma,” Giymuy said.  Her voice was calm, without a hint of censure, but Ayma’s muzzle snapped shut.  The elder Gaoian turned to Xiù.  “Xiù, what do you think we should do?”</p>

<p>She stared back, wide–eyed.  “M–me?  What does it matter what I think?  You’re the Mother–Supreme!”</p>

<p>“Yes,” Giymuy replied calmly, “and you’re one of my Sisters.  We stand together, Xiù, like the Clan of Females always has.”</p>

<p>Xiù glanced, near panic, at the three aliens who were all staring at her expectantly.  Had they really just told her to decide the fate of an entire <em>planet?</em></p>

<p>“The choice is in your hands, Miss Chang,” Furfeg said.  <em>Damn him!</em></p>

<p>She <em>wanted</em> to tell him “<em>cào nǐ mā</em>”... not that he’d understand it.  He might not even have a mother.  Ayma was right… he was emotionally blackmailing her.  She didn’t owe him a damned thing.</p>

<p>But she <em>did</em> owe the Gaoians.  The only reason to say no would be to spite him.  Spite him… and prove him right.</p>

<p>“You should join them,” she said, nearly a whisper.</p>

<p>Ayma squeezed her shoulder and made a quiet keening noise.  “Xiù…”</p>

<p>Xiù looked up toward Giymuy.  “You’re still growing.  Because you’re not aligned with anyone, you’re alone, and the Corti feel brave enough to snatch your ships travelling between your <em>own worlds</em> because of it.”  She cast a hostile look over at Furfeg.  “I don’t know how much they can help.  I don’t think you can count on them at all!  But if joining them makes the Corti, or the Locayl, or anyone think twice about hurting Myun or any other cub… it’s what you should do.”</p>

<p>“This is not right for you,” Giymuy said.</p>

<p>“No,” she replied.  “But it’s right for Gao.”</p>

<p>Giymuy looked back at her, and she saw the grim resignation there.  The Mother–Supreme nodded.  “Very well,” she said.  She turned to the Guvnuragnaguvendrugun.  “The Clan of Females of Gao will no longer oppose the acceptance of the treaty with the Interspecies Dominion, Furfeg.  We’ll skip the normal diplomatic flowery prose and acknowledge that for all intents and purposes the deal is done.”</p>

<p>Furfeg nodded, his flanks glowing a soft purple, but Giymuy wasn’t finished.  “Be aware, however: we will be <em>using</em> our newfound clout within the Dominion to address this miscarriage of justice.  Be certain of that.”</p>

<p>The glow of his flanks did not fade one bit.  “Mother–Supreme, I hope for it.”  His head turned to Xiù, who sat on the nearby bench, her arms wrapped around her.  “Thank you, Miss Chang.  It is actions like what you have demonstrated here that will convince my brethren of the foolishness of their actions.”  He turned to gather up his data tablet.</p>

<p>“Mister Furfeg?”  He looked back, meeting Xiù’s gaze.  Her eyes were red, but she didn’t cry… that would happen later, once she was alone.  “Is it possible to send a signal to Earth?”</p>

<p>He hesitated, his colours turning a dark blue spotted with white.  “The quarantine extends to communications.”</p>

<p>She stared back at him.  “My family… they have no idea what happened to me.  They don’t even have the privilege of thinking I’m dead.”</p>

<p>He looked at her for a long moment, and she had no idea what the rainbow of colours running across his sides could mean.  “I will make no promises,” he finally said.  “But… I’ll see what I can do.”  She nodded, knowing it was the best she could get.</p>

<p>The big alien left, heading to the spaceport and the ship that would take him to his superiors, the good news stored on his tablet.  With him gone Xiù was back to needing to speak Gaori… as she expected she’d have to for a very long time.  But for the moment she didn’t want to speak at all.  Ayma seemed to sense her need, her paw gently stroking her hair, petting her the way she would a distraught cub.</p>
<p>The Mother–Supreme was staring into space, looking thoughtful.  “There are layers to this, I’m certain,” she said after a moment.  She shook her head.  “For the moment you should both go home and rest.  Find peace among the cubs.  I will summon Officer Regaari to take you home.”</p>

<p>She turned to leave, but hesitated at the door, turning back to look at Xiù.  “I wish you had fur, Shoo.  Because you’d make an <em>excellent</em> Mother.”  Then she was gone, her attendants scurrying along behind her.</p>

<p>Xiù followed Ayma to the landing pad as if sleepwalking, and during the shuttle ride back to the commune she didn’t bother asking about the patterns in the landscape.  When they arrived it was just before the midday meal, and the cubs were getting out their morning lessons.  Myun had obviously seen the shuttle approaching, so she’d dashed straight from her lessons to the landing pad, waiting at the edge as they touched down.  She began to dart forward as Xiù stepped out, but hesitated at the look on human’s face.</p>

<p>“Myun?”  The furry little alien girl blinked at her.  “I think I could use a hug.”</p>



<p>“What you’re asking for is difficult.”</p>

<p>“Oh, really?  Don’t tell me you’re so easily defeated by planetbound primitives.”</p>

<p>“There’s no reason to be insulting.  Unlike most of my brethren, I am capable of respect, and these `primitives’ you mention are worthy of it… their networks are well–built and defended.  Most likely due to their adversarial nature… it’s like they launch network attacks against each other for the fun of it.”</p>

<p>“I’m not asking you to cause damage or exfiltrate any data.  I just need you to deliver a message.”</p>

<p>“And you want that message to be <em>targeted</em> rather than widecast… which is the problem.  I need to isolate the appropriate node, and that requires persistent intrusion and reconnaissance.”</p>

<p>“So you can’t do it?”</p>

<p>“What did I just say about insulting me?  I swear it’s like talking to a wall, except the wall sounds more intelligent.”</p>

<p>“<em>There’s</em> the Corti I came to see.”</p>



<p>Wei Chang, “YesWei” online, sat staring at his computer screen.  Beside him a warm summer breeze blew in through his open window, carrying with it the noise and smells of the nighttime Vancouver suburbs.</p>

<p>It was late… he was supposed to be in bed.  Summer vacation was almost over, and school would be starting soon.  Grade twelve: his last year of high school.  His mother made noises about getting to bed at the proper time, but the fire was lacking in it.  A year before she would have marched into his room and ripped the power bar from the wall – whether he was in a match or not – and refused to return it until the next morning, cursing at him in Mandarin the whole time.  Now all she would do is poke her head in through his door, remind him it was time for bed in a flat voice, and then go sit in the living room, where she would watch the news without really <em>seeing</em> it.</p>

<p>Xiù had been missing for nine months.  She’d gone to a late class and never returned, and none of her friends had heard a word from her.  They’d filed the missing person report almost immediately, but it was difficult to get the police to take it seriously: <em>Yes, we’re sure she left the class.  No, she doesn’t have a boyfriend.  Yes, we’ve called all her friends.</em>  Wei had scoured the university campus for her while his frantic father drove around in their car and his mother fretted by the telephone at home.</p>

<p>No one in the family slept that night, and the next day the police took the matter more seriously.  He remembered the cops talking quietly where they thought he couldn’t hear... speculating on what could have happened to an attractive young woman walking home at night, and his stomach tied itself into knots at the possibilities offered.</p>

<p>By the second day, Xiù’s face was on the news, and the Chang family could do nothing but wait… but his father was always out, always searching.  Days turned to weeks turned to months, and hope died bit by bit… but his father was always out, always searching.</p>

<p>Dad eventually had to return to work, because like it or not the bills had to get paid, and he couldn’t neglect what remained of his family.  Every night, however, he would drive around Vancouver for an hour, searching against hope.  Wei’s mother never yelled anymore… not even when he’d deliberately do things to piss her off, <em>wanting</em> her to snap and rage at him.  She never did; deep inside her the idea that Xiù had run away to escape her nagging and control was taking root and festering.</p>

<p>Wei had no comforting words to offer.  He knew his sister wasn’t the type to run away, but he really, really wished she had, because the other explanations were so much worse.</p>

<p>Then came the day the Rogers Arena was attacked by aliens, and Xiù Chang was completely forgotten, no matter how much his mother shrieked at the RCMP officers.  And as much as Wei wanted to get angry, he couldn’t blame them.  The Earth being attacked by aliens was <em>big thing</em>.</p>

<p>If it could be called an attack, and not a joke.  Wei didn’t know what to make of it – aliens were supposed to be strong and tough and take an army lead by Will Smith or Sigourney Weaver to take down… not get their heads caved in by a bunch of guys with hockey sticks lead by Henrik Sedin.  If there hadn’t been so many witnesses who’d personally seen – and often gotten <em>hit</em> by – the energy weapons, it could have been passed off as a lame publicity stunt.</p>

<p>He was as interested as anyone else, but not just because he fought digital aliens three hours a day or because – hey – energy guns are awesome, but because he was <em>sure</em> those aliens were connected somehow to Xiù’s disappearance.  He felt it in his gut.</p>

<p>The first thing he’d done after seeing the news was hop on the internet.  It was rough going… any website that even <em>mentioned</em> aliens was getting bombed by the curious and the panicked.  But eventually he managed to find what he was looking for… a site that listed UFO sightings across the world.  Fringe sites.  Not the kind of sites the RCMP would even think of when investigating missing persons.</p>

<p>From those sites, he learned that there had been UFO sightings in Vancouver the night Xiù had gone missing.  <em>Multiple</em> sightings.</p>

<p>Wei realized that up until that moment, even he had given up hope.  An alien attack had <em>given</em> him hope.  Now he had to figure out what to do with it.</p>

<p>Had the aliens kidnapped some humans to try and figure out how tough they were before attacking?  (If so they needed to fire their scientist–guy, because he <em>really</em> dropped the ball...)  The aliens had landed in some kind of pods, which didn’t seem suited for interstellar use, no matter how fast they might travel.  So had they been launched from some kind of mothership?  If so, was Xiù trapped on that ship right now?</p>

<p>Wei was terrified that his sister was locked in a cage, being experimented on… or worse.  The one thing that helped keep some of the nightmares at bay was the pathetic performance of the aliens during the attack.  Xiù was a shrimp but she was in good shape and took her <em>gung–fu</em> pretty seriously… she could hit pretty hard, not that he’d ever admit that to her face.</p>

<p>But if she was on an alien ship, what could he do?  NATO had taken everything associated with the aliens and everyone knew it… the media were making as much of a nuisance of themselves that they could, and one Canadian teenager couldn’t add much.  Wei haunted online forums as much as he could, trying to contact people who claimed to have been abducted before… people who suddenly had a lot more credibility.  But even they – assuming he was talking to the real deal and not more kooks – had little they could offer him.</p>

<p>Now the new focus of the world was the “darkening”... astronomers everywhere had noticed that every object in the sky beyond Uranus – <em>every</em> object – had dimmed, just a little bit.  Every object, all at once.  Wars and rivalries across the entire planet had come to a screeching halt as humanity realized that, somewhere up above them, alien assholes were doing <em>something</em>… and humans probably weren’t going to like whatever it was.</p>

<p>Wei followed the discussions on the forums with interest.  Even the people who seemed to be the Real Deal when it came to knowing about aliens had no idea what was going on.</p>

<p>His screen was sitting on one of those forums when <em>it</em> happened: a window popped open on his computer.  He growled, thinking an ad had somehow dodged his popup–blocker… fringe websites had to use some pretty shady ad networks.  He’d almost closed it before the content of the grey box sunk in, and his jaw dropped as he read the words:</p>

<p><em>Your sister is safe.  She was taken, but not by the creatures that attacked your city.  She was taken, but she escaped, and is among friends.</em></p>

<p><em>Xiù is safe.</em></p>

<p>Below was a picture of his sister, wearing some kind of weird red clothing, like overalls crossed with robes.  The picture was from an upward angle, and her head was turned to the side, and she was speaking and gesturing angrily.  But she was unhurt and gloriously <em>alive</em>.</p>

<p>Wei stared at the screen for long seconds.  Then he jumped to his feet, not giving a damn that his legs hit the desk and sent his mouse flying.  “Mom!  <em>Mom!  Kuài lái!</em>”</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I guess they didn’t need to evolve the ability to keep learning; by the time they’re adults, they’ve learned all they’ll need to survive.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I don’t know if I’d go that far.  I was aiming more toward subconscious action... “muscle memory”.</p>
<p>I don’t think any creature that is unable learn would survive long in any circumstance.  But humans are capable of learning surprisingly complex behaviours and executing them on automatic.</p>
<p>Most likely any intelligent species that <em>didn’t</em> need that ability to evolve would be shocked and possibly frightened by it.  Consider: it would raise into question just how “in control” a human is at any given moment.  We struggle with it ourselves... the simple act of safely waking a soldier who’s seen too much combat is a classic example.</p>
<p>My thoughts are that in the Jenkinsverse, humans were of the few/only species to evolve on a world where taking even just a few milliseconds to think about a threat could get you killed.  Get back up the tree, <em>then</em> figure out whether or not it was a tiger or just your buddy being a jerk.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>