<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Salvage08. Check</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Salvage08. Check</h1>
<p class="author">By Rantarian</p>
<div id="main-body">





<p>“And what we have here,” said Adrian, “is sweet, sweet justice.”</p>
<p>He slid the knight into position, knocking over the opposing Queen. “Check!”</p>
<p>“Excellent move,” Treoffa said as she moved her remaining castle across the board. “I believe this is ’Checkmate’, however?”</p>
<p>Adrian stared at the bored and frowned. “Shit. You’re good.”</p>
<p>Treoffa nodded her head in gracious victory. “I am considered to be a genius even amongst Corti, and you are providing me a significant challenge despite not being all that intelligent by your own species standards.”</p>
<p>“Fuck off!” Adrian said with a laugh. It had been, by his judgement, about two weeks since Bekmer had been relegated to the brig and the others had had their cerebral detonators removed. Treoffa had taken over the salvage mission, but her pace was slow considering that she was doing all of the work on her own. But, as she had admitted, now there was only one share of the reward, and it was all hers.</p>
<p>“Have you spoken with Bekmer,” Treoffa asked him, although he knew she knew he hadn’t. “Asked him about his theory about the V’Strak?”</p>
<p>“You know that I’ve been avoiding him,” Adrian replied. “Not seeing him helps me resist the urge to kill him.”</p>
<p>“I appreciate that,” Treoffa replied. “And your team is surprisingly compliant without the threat of death hanging over their head.”</p>
<p>“They’re happy to have their freedom,” Adrian said. “I know they want off this ship, but they also know where we are and don’t want to risk it. Unclaimed space, yeah?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Treoffa replied, resetting the board for another game. She had learned it surprisingly quickly, and had become eager for more matches, although she tried to hide such desire. “It may be full of Hunters, or pirates, or both. We are closest to the Celzi borders, so I wouldn’t doubt there are at least some refugees fleeing the war altogether in the hope of finding somewhere uncontested.”</p>
<p>“Trycrur has been busy inspecting the reactors,” Adrian said. “With Kermit and Chir for protection, in case more Robosaurs come visiting. She says they should be functional.”</p>
<p>“The actual hardware is not the issue,” Treoffa replied. “Or at least that is what my technicians also told me. The issue was that we still have no access to the command deck, and the operation of the Zhadersil requires some biometric access that we obviously lack.”</p>
<p>“So the steering wheel lock is on, and you’re trying to jimmy it off,” Adrian interpreted.</p>
<p>“A woefully inadequate analogy,” Treoffa replied, “but essentially yes.”</p>
<p>Adrian frowned. “What can I do to help?”</p>
<p>“I doubt you’re technically proficient enough with our technology to bypass even our systems, let alone those of a long extinct civilisation,” Treoffa said, “but on that note, shall I relate Bekmer’s theory in his pleasant absence?”</p>
<p>Adrian nodded his permission. “Go ahead.”</p>
<p>“Bekmer believes, and I support him in this, that the V’Strak were Deathworlders like you,” she said. “You only need to see how the rugged, uncomfortable design of everything is similar to what is endured by you humans.”</p>
<p>“That’s pretty thin,” Adrian replied.</p>
<p>“There’s more of course,” Treoffa continued. “The date of the end of the V’Strak Empire appears to match a major extinction event on your own planet and several others. I believe that this indicates an aggressive genocide of the V’Straki race across several worlds, although it wasn’t until I looked into date comparisons for well–documented death worlds that I began to see the pattern.”</p>
<p>“Somebody killed the Dino–guys with asteroids?” Adrian asked. “Couldn’t have that just been a natural event? I’ve seen Discovery channel enough to know that there’s lots of big fucking rocks out there.”</p>
<p>“I have found eight of them all occurring at the same point in time,” Treoffa said. “The data is clear, this race was murdered.”</p>
<p>“That begs the question, then,” Adrian said after a moment. “Why?”</p>
<p>“It is difficult  to say,” Treoffa replied. “Death worlds are not usually well documented, it is enough to know to avoid them, but if we consider the political impact that you humans have had on the Galaxy–”</p>
<p>“What impact is that?” Adrian interrupted. “We’re not even able to get out into the galaxy with our shitty little tin cans.”</p>
<p>Treoffa paused, and to Adrian it was clear that she was considering her words carefully. “I am going to tell you something,” she said deliberately, “and I would very much like it if you wouldn’t kill anyone afterwards.”</p>
<p>“I’m surprised you’re not...” Chir trailed off, waving his hand vaguely.</p>
<p>“Going on a murderous rampage,” Adrian asked. He looked thoughtful. “I am pissed off, I suppose. It’s not fair that they’ve made this decision for us, that they’ve sealed humanity into a little bubble to try and keep them from getting out.”</p>
<p>Chir grunted his agreement, although he seemed far from convinced. “You’re a dangerous species, you only need look in a mirror to see that, Adrian. It is not surprising that they would fear you.”</p>
<p>“It would have been smarter to kill us,” Adrian replied, much to Chir’s surprise. “Because once that bubble pops, the human race will be out and they will be totally pissed off.”</p>
<p>“They say it will last for millions of your years,” Chir told him, repeating what he’d heard on the news.</p>
<p>“Do you really believe that?” Adrian asked dubiously.</p>
<p>Chir frowned. “No, but that is what they say. I may be wrong, Adrian, but you do not seem all that bothered by being unable to return.”</p>
<p>“Yeah,” said Adrian, “well... some shit happened right before I was abducted. Let’s just say that I wouldn’t have much to look forward to by going back there.”</p>
<p>“I  won’t pry further,” Chir told him, “but I cannot wait to get back to <em>my</em> homeworld.”</p>
<p>“Wife and kids?” Adrian asked him.</p>
<p>Chir snorted his amusement. “We do not have such family arrangements. Before my time out amongst the stars I would have thought any such thing absurd, but Zripob’s people spawn anonymously and the females raise their children as a group, while Trycrur’s are like your own with formalised relationships. One female may have as many as ten males serving her.”</p>
<p>“Not entirely like my own, then,” Adrian said. </p>
<p>“No,” Chir agreed, “but nobody is like a human.”</p>

<p>Treoffa was entirely pleased with herself. Not only had she assumed command of the salvage mission, and not only had she ended up in a position where the entire reward would go to her, but she would also be able to blame the lack of response to the Directorate’s orders on Bekmer.</p>
<p>Bekmer would need to die for the plan to be complete, of course, but he had sealed his fate there when he had gone up against a human with only his wits and had come off second best. Bekmer was a fool, and soon he would be a convenient scapegoat.</p>
<p>“I cannot believe I allowed him to intermingle his genes with my own,” she said to herself as she considered all of the years she had played good subordinate. Years she had once thought wasted that had now borne unexpected fruit. Life could be strange sometimes.</p>
<p>Now Adrian’s genes had provided a potential way to access systems previously locked out. His genetic markers were substantially different to the ones belonging to the V’Strak, but they were a close approximation to their pets and livestock. The system was a broad template meant to cover everything from military vessels to freighters, and as a result there was plenty of exploitable code to provide for the animals they must have transported.</p>
<p>It had allowed her access to only the least secure systems, but any access was better than no access, and it was the biggest single step they’d made in gaining control since getting here. She had access to the official ship logs, now, and although they were themselves intrinsically valuable from an archaeological point of view, she hoped they’d provide even more value in uncovering further systems access.</p>
<p>Soon she would be in full control, soon she would be rich, and soon she would be rid of the troublesome slave–soldiers. If she could somehow convince Adrian to get into a stasis pod, well... that would make her success all the sweeter.</p>

<p>Ten long shadows moved smoothly against the black of space, invisible to anything save each other, making their careful approach to the ancient ship in high orbit around a Deathworld; exactly where the Robalin had said it would be before he had died. It looked like a piece of space debris, but now they knew better, and they had come knowing their enemy.</p>
<p>They had brought ten ships to seize a prize, and one thousand soldiers to fight a single human. The flight deck was open to their landing, protected only by the thin kinetic shield intended to hold the atmosphere in, and they moved into position to make their simultaneous landing.</p>
<p>This time they would have the advantage in numbers.</p>
<p>This time there would be no humiliating defeat.</p>
<p>This time the Hunters couldn’t lose.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>