<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"                  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">                                <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">                <head>                  <title>Humans don’t make good pets part 6</title>                </head>                                <body><h1>Humans don’t make good pets part 6</h1><p>by guidosbestfriend</p><div id="main-body"><p>This is my first time writing action sequences, so this'll be interesting. The ideas your comments have given me are indispensable, and are what are allowing me to write these stories, so keep them up! Special thanks to <a href="/u/Elyandarin">/u/Elyandarin</a>, <a href="/u/Hambone3110">/u/Hambone3110</a> (for both the back knowledge and a quote from a comment which I incorporated), <a href="/u/Lostwingman07">/u/Lostwingman07</a>, and especially <a href="/u/DreamingKroot">/u/DreamingKroot</a> whose comment was the main inspiration for this installment. </p>

<p>Alien measurements are given in their human equivalents in [brackets], as are words with near human translations. </p>

<hr />

<p>The blood drained from Xkkrk's face, despite the pounding in her chest, at the sound of that name. Ztrkx. If you were to look up his file, he would be labeled as a simple merchant with a Crixa cargo vessel, just like Tnnxz. The only difference would be the [5 mile] long rap sheet detailing countless unconfirmed reports of criminal actions from petty theft, to larceny, all the way to grand murder. For those who truly knew him, Ztrkx was a pure-blooded pirate with the front of a cargo merchant, and a flimsy front at that. To make matters infinitely better, he bore a personal grudge against Tnnxz. </p>

<p>As hard as it was to believe, seeing the differences between them today, Ztrkx and Tnnxz had grown up together on the same moon, both children of miners. Mining was perhaps the lowest occupation, as the need for true miners had been replaced by automatons. But robots required maintenance and biological miners only required a bare minimum of food, which meant that in the worst conditions, sapient beings still slaved under masters too poor or too cheap to care about the working conditions or safety precautions. On a barren rock of a moon, Ztrkx and Tnnxz had spun tales to each other. Tales about how they would one day pool their resources and buy a Crixa. It didn't matter to the two boys that the Crixa was perhaps the slowest and most obsolete model of cargo ship still seen about the galaxy; to them, it was beautiful. </p>

<p>With a hope of a dream, which was more than most miners had, Tnnxz and Ztrkx pushed themselves harder than any of the other workers. They cared for each other, watched each other, and helped keep each other sane through the long hours of grinding toil. After [4 years] of hard work in the mine, which probably shortened their life-spans significantly, they were able to buy a Crixa off of a merchant who had made several bad choices and fallen into bankruptcy.</p>

<p>At first it was just them. Then, as Tnnxz's uncanny ability to feel subtle shifts in the markets began to increase their revenues, they began expanding their holdings and their crew. Xkkrk had been one of the first to join them. Ostensibly it had been so she would be able to escape the responsibility of inheriting a weapons manufacturing company from her father, but in reality it had been because she had been drawn to Tnnxz and Ztrkx, at the time attracted equally by both.</p>

<p>As she spent more time with Ztrkx though, she began to see the arrogance, jealousy, and utter contempt for the "weak", which Ztrkx harbored inside himself. His lust drove her closer to Tnnxz, which only exacerbated an already tense situation. Ztrkx had been in favor of looting cargo ships which had been set upon by Hunters. After all, the crew had been unable to repel them, and therefore were most likely dead, but the Hunters cared little for most commodities, so left those untouched. </p>

<p>Tnnxz resisted him at first, but then agreed it would have been a shame to let the goods go to waste. On the first derelict ship they boarded, it seemed Ztrkx had been right. Blood from various species had been evident in great quantities, but no living souls were to be found. Then Ztrkx happened upon a wounded child. It was most likely beyond saving, but Ztrkx was more worried about what Tnnxz would do if he discovered someone alive on that ship. So he shot it in the head. Tnnxz saw. </p>

<p>The majority of the crew were loyal to Tnnxz, though some few fanatically supported Ztrkx. A fight broke out between the two factions, but Ztrkx was overwhelmed three to one. Tnnxz didn't feel right in killing Ztrkx as he had killed the child, so left him, and his supporters, on the broken and dying ship where he had committed his first murder. Before the airlock had closed, Ztrkx had screamed that he would find Tnnxz again, and for the betrayal of his trust would take all that he loved. Ztrkx's final, bloody gaze before the airlock hid his face had been fixed upon Xkkrk. </p>

<p>He hadn't died as both Xkkrk and Tnnxz had hoped. Instead, reports of a group of pirates who masqueraded a cargo vessel began to surface. There was no way to be certain it was Ztrkx, and the pirates themselves seemed more myth than fact, yet Xkkrk had felt the reason behind the stories. Now, it seemed, Ztrkx was done biding his time. </p>

<hr />

<p>Dear Journal, </p>

<p>I'm a monster. </p>

<p>I don't know which kind yet. </p>

<p>I was finishing up the last slice of purple xeno rat pig when Mama Giraffe had stumbled in. She barely even took one look at the room before she added to its olfactory experience. I sure hoped I wouldn't have to sleep in here. She lurched her way back out the door after glancing at the ceiling, stumbling into Severus right outside. Perfect. He was going to suffer from apoplexy the moment he saw this. My fears were soon confirmed as I heard rapid clicking from the blue-giraffe. Then I checked myself. There was a different tone to this clicking. A more frantic, panicked cast which had been absent during Severus' previous rants. I quickly took the last bite - it really did taste like chicken if you closed your eyes - and hurried over, although what I was going to do I had no idea. </p>

<p>Before I was half-way across the room, the entire cargo bay, and I'd surmise the entire ship, Lurched alarmingly as though it had struck an obstacle. Moments later the sound of shrieking metal being ripped apart came from the bow of the ship. It was pretty clear to me that we had hit something, but instead of running to where I'd seen the bridge so he could efficiently take care of the matter, Severus hit a button on his belt and then spoke with the faraway look of someone on the phone. He lifted his finger off the button then started gallop-flailing to the <em>aft</em> of the ship, which was towards the hydroponics bay and, I assumed, as I hadn't seen it yet, the engine room. </p>

<p>I doubted Severus was such a bad captain that he neglected his duties whenever he hit a piece of space debris, so I quickly revised my hypothesis as to what was happening to "pending".  When I began hearing screams which sounded frighteningly like the screams of horses accompanied by noises which sounded remarkably like rapid pistol fire, except from a ray gun, I decided Severus must have the right idea in mind and high-tailed it out of my cargo bay and towards the hydroponics bay. I'd never been in a firefight before in my life, and didn't think the attackers would be willing to disarm themselves so I could fight them on the familiar ground of bar brawling, or even a friendly game of darts. </p>

<p>I saw Mama a few cargo bays behind me, herding a multitude of the children as fast as the slowest could run. Fucking Jiggles. I made sure they passed me, looking down the long corridor which allowed passage from the ship proper to the long line of cargo bays. I couldn't see anything, but the screams had also stopped. I think I had almost preferred them to the silence. Jiggles finally got his last vestiges of flab though a door just beyond the one which led to the Hydroponics bay, and I followed suit, covering a distance in 2 seconds what had taken the child herd 20. Adrenaline's a hell of a drug. Good thing too, because they had been closing the door the moment Jiggles had gotten inside. I slammed into the half-closed door and flew into the room. </p>

<p>I guess I slammed into the door a little too hard, since it snapped off the its hinges and was flung out of Severus' hand to strike the wall to his right. Both of us looked at the door which we had been counting on as a shield as it slowly peeled itself off the wall to fall with a clang to the floor. "Do you make your hinges out of purple xeno rat pig bones?" I shouted, as I lifted the door and fit it back in place, using the door frame and my shoulder to keep it set. Then it started taking hits. </p>

<p>I was impressed with the solidity of the door, especially given the fragility of its connections. From this side of the door it sounded as though someone was merely slapping the other side. Granted, they were hard slaps, the kind you get after having a threesome with both your girlfriends sister's - dating identical triplets is hard - but they were slaps nonetheless. The slaps began getting faster and slightly harder, and the door began to vibrate alarmingly. Silence suddenly fell as the shots stopped completely, and then I heard clicking from the other side of the door. I looked to Severus, hoping for some kind of recognizable signal as to what to do. </p>

<p>He was pretty clear when he started trying to pull me away. I hoped for all our sakes that he was being gentle on purpose, or else any fighting we'd have to do would be even more one-sided, but I eased up on the door and set it beside the door frame. Another blue-giraffe strode into the room. This one had seen some fights before. One of his arms and two or his legs were prosthetic; his stripes were marred by countless small frosty scars. He had the bearing of one used to command and very harsh in discipline, but I couldn't decide if it was of the just or cruel variety.</p>

<p>I had been preparing myself to fight for all I was worth, but there was one thing I hadn't expected. This new blue-giraffe wore a uniform. As did his shipmates, I saw, as three of them filed in behind him. Now I had a dilemma. Were these the police? Was this a lawful boarding? For all I knew, my newest family could be a family of thieves and smugglers. I wouldn't have minded too much, but the law's the law, and I wouldn't want to attack these intruders if they turned out to just be men doing their jobs. I observed, trying to catch every detail which would tell me what was going on. </p>

<hr />

<p>"I'm gone for [10 years], and the only modification you make to our old ship is another 5 cargo bays? Also, what happened in 9? It looks like someone took an anti-tank pulse-gun to a box of Dizi rats," clicked Ztrkx, striding confidently into the engine room. He looked to his left, and saw the ugliest little creature watching him with bright eyes. "What have you got here, my old friend? Another weakling? You do love them so. Why even now you hide among them while the rest of your crew lies bleeding and dying about your ship, having protected what they thought was a worthy life. Shame. I could have given them so much more. I could have given them pride." He motioned towards the uniforms, a recent acquisition from a cloth trader made specially for this occasion. </p>

<p>"Neither am I your friend, nor is he weak," stated Tnnxz, attempting to sound calm, but ruining the illusion by allowing his back leg to shake. It had always shook when they had been friends, and it galled Ztrkx to no end that it was only through <em>his</em> motivation and <em>his</em> determination that Tnnxz now stood here, proud among the stars instead of rotting in a crater on the moon they'd left so long ago. </p>

<p>"You're right," Ztrkx retorted. "You aren't my friend. If you were, I would be standing before you as an equal, rather than a conqueror. I'm glad you tore everything away from me and sent me tumbling through the stars. If you hadn't, I might still be stuck here with you, refusing opportunity after opportunity because of your cowardice when we could have been living like <em>Kings</em>!" He finished in an angry rush, panting as the fury he had kept under control for so long threatened to overflow.</p>

<p>"Why are you here, Ztrkx?" Tnnxz asked. Fool. "Is it to gloat?" Not so much a fool then, but still a sizable one. </p>

<p>"Partially." Replied Ztrkx. "But not entirely. I'm here to keep my word, because I, unlike you, assume my promises to be binding."</p>

<p>"I'm not going with you, Ztrkx," spat Xkkrk, beautiful Xkkrk. "I will throw myself out of the first airlock before I willingly spend a [picosecond] in your presence." A shame, that was. If she had been willing to come with him he would have gladly accepted her. As it was, he would not let her dampen his moment of triumph by making him show his disappointment. He laughed, hoping none had noticed the momentary pause, and clicked, "I don't want you, anymore. Look at you, a mere shadow of what you once were, and a poor one at that. Stay with Tnnxz, I don't care. I came for what will hurt him the most." </p>

<p>His eyes searched among the children and alighted upon the shortest, the one with the stripes so thin they seemed to nearly disappear when they reached his face; just like his father. Tnnxz saw Ztrkx's eyes light up, and understood his purposes. A growl was the only warning his men had before he flew at Ztrkx, Xkkrk on his heels, having attacked a moment later. These were the best of his men, though, and they had quick reflexes. One grabbed Tnnxz while he was still in the air, bearing him to the ground, while the other managed to catch Xkkrk before she could tackle Ztrkx. He smiled without amusement, then heard a much lower growl resonate from the small ugly creature to his left. My, he had quite forgotten it was there. </p>

<p>Ignoring it, Ztrkx motioned for his final man who <em>wasn't</em> holding someone to grab the smallest child, while the other two kept his parents in check. The man grabbed the smallest one's arm. Then the world exploded. </p>

<hr />
</div><div id="comments"><p>I had been watching the incoherent conversation like a hawk, but couldn't understand a thing from its participants' body language. Something the alleged police officer said threw Mama <em>and</em> Severus into a rage, which almost made my decision for me, but two of the pending-policemen detained the pair without harming either, which is what I'd expect police to do. They seemed rather unnecessarily rough, though. "Watch it." I growled to the two holding them down. </p>

<p>The officer then motioned towards <em>Dink</em>, which didn't make any sense. What would the officer want wi-</p>

<p>The third blue-giraffe began pulling on Dink's arm, dragging him towards the door. I didn't need any more proof that these giraffes weren't police, and if they were, then I joined the rebel cause instantly. I dive tackled the scum holding Dink, slamming him into the opposite wall. His rib cage exploded like a watermelon upon the impact, covering me in a purple sludge. The giraffes scream or curse was cut short as though with a guillotine.</p>

<hr />

<p>Ztrkx's man suddenly disappeared in a blur of orange white and brown. It took a moment for Ztrkx's mind to process what had happened. By the time he looked to where his second in command lay with his chest pulverized, the small ugly creature had jump-flew through the air to land <em>on</em> <em>top</em> of his chief engineer, snapping his spine with a sickening crunch. As the ferocious beast tore his chief medical officer's throat out, Ztrkx drew his pulse pistol and fired. </p>

<hr />

<p>I managed to take the other one down before anyone knew what was happening, and scored a lucky hit as I swung an outstretched arm which caught the third ex-police-candidate in the throat. I had been too slow, it seemed, because I turned around to find the fake officer pointing a gun at my face. There's a reason bartenders of rowdy pubs keep shotguns under the counter. Guns end the fight. Period. He pulled the trigger, and I saw a blinding flash of light as it struck me right between the eyes. I didn't die. It hurt, believe me it hurt, but it wasn't the kind of pain to incapacitate me. It was the kind of pain which was only going to piss me off. "My turn," I growled, advancing on the officer.</p>

<hr />

<p>Ztrkx fired. It didn't die. His final thought before his skull collapsed was <em>so</em> <em>it</em> <em>wasn't</em> <em>weak</em> <em>after</em> <em>all</em>. </p>

<hr />

<p>I bodily picked up the officer and flung him from the room, jumping after him so I landed above his head the moment he hit the ground. I hadn't realized how angry I was until I started bashing his face with my fists like a deranged gorilla on crystal meth. His head was a purple mush after only a few hits, but I continued to vent my anger on it, obliterating his skull until it was merely a purple stain. Someone slapped me hard on the shoulder. I looked up and was slapped again in the face. Three enemy giraffes stood 10 meters away, firing ray pistols. Those things were useless. Why did they even both shooting them? They might as well use them as clubs. </p>

<p>I sprinted towards them, feeling as though I were wading through a sea of small angry children as <em>WEAK</em>. <em>ASS</em>. <em>RAY</em>. <em>PULSES</em>. dissipated harmlessly against my body. As I flung myself into them, mindlessly laying about with my legs and fists as I had oft done during many a senseless brawl, I reflected that I might need to start using cover on my approaches lest I end up with a nasty bruising, or even a bloody nose. I shouldn't have lost myself in thought, though, because when I checked back into reality I saw that I had been kicking the lifeless body of one of my opponents, needlessly and systematically breaking every bone in his body for the second time. </p>

<p>I started hunting, stalking through the ship, searching every cargo bay. The officer's crew hadn't been merciful to my new family, and the lifeless corpses of several of the ship’s crew members lay strewn around the ship. I found one of the gardeners missing an arm, and another without his head. The next few opponents I found suffered similar yet more profound injuries before I allowed them to expire, although there wasn't much worse I could do than take off the head, so I used a grammatical loophole to achieve the same result without instantly killing him. </p>

<p>I finished with the cargo bays, and came into a large room which housed the port and starboard airlocks. I could see how the criminals had gotten in. The port airlock hatch had been shredded by what could only be a large drill, which was mounted on a mechanical arm in the enemy’s ship. The drill had been retracted so that the enemy blue-giraffes could easily move between ships, which they were doing when I found them, carrying crates from our ship onto theirs. Seeing them formed the word which had already been growing in my mind: Pirates. </p>

<p>I slammed into the closest pirate-giraffe in the middle of his long back, breaking his spine and neck through whiplash. I picked up the small crate he had dropped and flung it at the next closest pirate, who had apparently skipped both leg and arm day, resulting in his expiration due to his inability to catch a storage crate. The other seven in the room had noticed me by now - they were so freaking slow - and had drawn their piddle pistols. Another five joined their brothers in the void when they tried to use their party poppers as weapons. The last two learned faster though. The sixth tried to use his gun as a club. I gave him kudos for that, but he was still slow and weak. I caught his wrist, disarmed him, turned his gun on him and pulled the trigger, which was oddly on the back of the handle rather than under the barrel.</p>

<p>Nothing happened. I guess these guns had security measures to keep someone from doing what I had just done. The security measures weren't all encompassing, however, since they didn't prevent me from hurling the gun into my victim’s face, where it stuck. I was pretty impressed with that, as the butt of a gun isn't strictly made to be used as a knife, but the seventh and final giraffe pirate had another surprise in store for me. As number six crumpled to the floor, number seven drew a <em>sword</em> from a sheath on his back. The double edge of the blade came alight with burning red heat the moment it left its scabbard. Their guns may have been ineffective, but I doubted my tender skin would appreciate being attacked by an alien lava sword. He swung at me, and I back-stepped. He swung again, and I repeated. He lunged at me, driving forward with a stab. </p>

<p>Even though he had a weapon that would have worked on me, I still had him out classed in the speed department. I sidestepped, grabbed his arm as it passed, then broke it over my knee. He howled, but didn't have long to contemplate his pain once his sword found its way through his chest and then his neck. I was so happy with my newly acquired sword that I didn't notice the drill powering up until it was almost too late. A solid beam of energy shot towards me, narrowly missing my head as I ducked, and struck the inside hatch of the starboard airlock of our ship, burned through it, then went through the outer hatch. An explosive crack sounded from the ship, and both ships, being connected, began losing atmosphere. I felt myself flying back through the port airlock, but grabbed the edge that was the outside hatch of the port airlock and braced my legs against the edge of the inside hatch, wedging myself into security. My drill-happy friend, however, wasn't so fortunate. Oh, he grabbed the edge just like me, he just didn't have my grip strength, and his hands merely brushed the edge before he flew into my ship and out the other end. </p>

<p>Even with my enemy gone, I still had the small problem of a large hole leaking all the oxygen, which I had grown rather accustomed to, out into space, where it could hardly be appreciated. I didn't know it at the time, but I had already fixed the problem. The mangled door to my previous room flew into view, having been sucked into the docking bay from somewhere further inside the ship proper. It was too large to fit through the hole, and, bent over upon itself by my ministrations, was strong enough to create a temporary bulkhead. </p>

<p>Suddenly released from the gravity defying force of atmosphere under pressure, I eased myself down from the airlock frame before my arms gave out. I searched the pirate ship to see if there were any more, but it seemed as though the raiding party had included everyone on board, except for twinkle-toes the trigger happy jackhammer specialist. With the battle, to give it a kind name, over, a wave of weariness washed through me, though more from the adrenaline than any actual physical exertion. It was only now that I was able to survey my handiwork.</p>

<p>Oh my. </p>

<hr />

<hr />

<p>Previous <a href="http://redd.it/2fsbk5">five</a></p>

<p>Next <a href="http://redd.it/2fykqu">seven</a></p>

<p><a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/series/humans_dont_make_good_pets">All chapters</a></p>

<p>Also, <a href="/u/Hambone3110">/u/Hambone3110</a> has started writing HFY again, and as a continuation of TKJ. It's as awesome as it sounds. <a href="http://redd.it/2fuo5o">Run, little monster.</a></p>
<p>No man, I like the ideas and its a good one. I just wanted to give him a sword because I thought of it all of a sudden and went with it. I hadn't even considered it as a writing impliment, but you're right, that'd work out. I set up the chess game for that purpose, mainly because I hadn't even thought of prime numbers as an option. But now that this episode is over, which is pretty much about as far as I had pre-planned out, he's going to be working towards fixing that other big problem which is being a pet. </p>
<p>The reason I set this story to be slightly before its inspiration was because in TKJ Jenkins had a universal communicator implant, which apparently needed to be painstakingly crafted to each species biology. Jenkins had one, but it was crude, so I worked off the assumption that it was a first gen, and not able to be anywhere else. Since this is set <em>before</em> that, a universal translator doesn't exist for humans yet. The other reason for setting it before TKJ was because Jenkins caused a massive media anomaly which nearly everyone would have heard about, which would make one wonder why these traders were so oblivious to what a human was. Also, TKJ made it so that humans were classified as sapient beings so long as they had developed calculus. If they were officially recognized as sapient, and already had their biology checked out, then there would be no way for this story to begin in the first place.</p>
</div></body></html>