<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Salvage09. Positions of Power</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Salvage09. Positions of Power</h1>
<p class="author">By Rantarian</p>
<div id="main-body">





<p>The doors to the flight deck were sealed, but Treoffa knew that they would hold out only for so long. It had been just a few moments since the Hunters had made aggressive contact with the flight deck, and in that time she’d found her prospects of a bountiful future diminishing with each ship that landed.</p>
<p>“Ten,” she said to the soldiers she’d summoned to her office. “There are ten Hunter troop ships that have just landed on the Zhadersil. I estimate one hundred troops per ship.”</p>
<p>“Oh fuck,” said Chir, mimicking the human’s manner. It was unhealthy the way they regarded him, had begun to imitate him, but that was a matter for safer time, assuming one ever arrived. If it didn’t, then it would no longer be a matter at all.</p>
<p>“Sorry,” Adrian said, clearly confused by the heavy air of horror that surrounded the rest of the group. “What the fuck is a Hunter?”</p>
<p>“They’re monsters,” Trycrur explained. “They raid poorly defended outposts and ships, seize the contents and eat the crew.”</p>
<p>“Eat the crew?!” Adrian asked in clear disgust. At least humans seemed to take issue with eating other sentient beings, which made them a damn sight better in Treoffa’s book, no matter their other failings.</p>
<p>“They do not eat livestock unless they are forced to do so,” Treoffa expanded. “They prefer the meat of intelligent beings, for whatever insane reason.”</p>
<p>“And we’ve got a thousand of these arseholes out on the flight deck right now?” Adrian asked, pointing in the general direction. “Don’t they think the portions will be a little small?”</p>
<p>Zripob grunted. “Now is not the time for jokes, human!”</p>
<p>Treoffa frowned. “I’ve sealed the doors, but they’ll only stand up to so much damage, and the salvage ship is out there with them, but they’ve never attacked anywhere in such numbers before.”</p>
<p>“They’re after the ship?” Chir asked.</p>
<p>“Yes,” Treoffa said, “but if the source of their information was who I think he was, they’ve come in such numbers because we’ve got a human on board. After the humiliating defeat they suffered on Earth I think it’s fair to say that they want to make an example of a human, and one with no access to outside intervention.”</p>
<p>Everybody now turned to look at an increasingly uncomfortable Adrian.</p>
<p>Everybody was looking at Adrian, like he was somehow going to figure out a way to single–handedly defeat a thousand heavily armed soldiers who’d come ready to face a human.</p>
<p>“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” he said. “What am I supposed to do against all of that?”</p>
<p>“If we don’t do something,” Treoffa said, “they’re going to eat us and get their hands on advanced technology the rest of the galaxy does not have access to. Nobody wants to see that happen.”</p>
<p>“Right,” replied Adrian rubbing his temples with his thumbs. Just when he thought the bullshit had come to an end, something happened to remind him that there wasn’t one. “What do we know about these guys? They’re here for the ship, they’re here for me, and there’s a thousand of them. Anything else?”</p>
<p>“They eat people,” volunteered Trycrur.</p>
<p>“Thank you Trix,” Adrian said tersely, “is there anything else?”</p>
<p>“Physically they have seven eyes, astounding depth perception, six legs and cybernetic weapons fused to their arms,” detailed Treoffa. “Does that help?”</p>
<p>“No, but keep going,” Adrian said.</p>
<p>“They’re highly militarised and know their tactics,” Chir said. “It isn’t easy to get the drop on them, and impossible to get the drop on a thousand of them.”</p>
<p>“Great,” Adrian said without enthusiasm. “Are there any weaknesses we could exploit? You said they have cybernetics, are they hardened against electro–magnetic pulses?”</p>
<p>Treoffa considered the question for a moment. “I don’t think that’s ever been tried.”</p>
<p>“That’s a maybe then,” Adrian said, starting to feel better about his chances against a thousand space–cannibals. “What about explosions? Kinetic weapons? Fire? Electricity?”</p>

<p>Trycrur and Zripub slowly moved the gut–turning quantity of meat from the preserving containers into the stasis pod. If nothing else, the Hunters’ scans would detect the presence of a human–sized quantity of organic material, but the effect of the stasis field would prevent any further information, such as the fact it was just a pile of wet meat rather than a human male.</p>
<p>“Is it just me or do all of his plans seem completely insane?” Zripub asked, grimacing as he laid yet another gargantuan slice of meat into the pod.</p>
<p>Trycrur sighed. “It isn’t just you,” she said, “but they’ve mostly worked so far so I think we should keep trusting him.”</p>
<p>“What does that say about us?” Zripob wondered. “We’re packing meat into a stasis pod to work to a plan created by a Deathworlder savage to trick a thousand psychopathic cannibals into accepting a token of our good will which we know they won’t honour. When does the plan get to the part where we survive?”</p>
<p>“You know we don’t have any weapons to fight that many Hunters,” Trycrur reminded him. “Adrian was after weapons for hunting on the Deathworld, or for shooting Bekmer. We didn’t expect an army.”</p>
<p>“He’s hardly taking any weapons to speak of out there with him, anyway,” Zripob grumbled. “Just those other things you helped him make. How the hell is he supposed to win with that?”</p>

<p>The Alphas stood together on the flight deck, coordinating their infiltration strategy. This was the first time they had ever had to deal with this particular alien technology, and as such there was the unwelcome delay to have to deal with. There was also the fact that this was the single largest hunt that their kind had ever embarked upon, and they were still sorting out the particulars of appropriate command chains.</p>
<p>They were making progress, however, on the forward doors. Heavy plasma cutters had finally been deployed, and although they were making slow progress in cutting through, it was still progress and when they were done nothing would stop the great brood from seething throughout the ship.<br/>
They had left some of their members aboard the ships, wise enough to have them employ the ship weapons if everything should go poorly. Surely even a human could not stand up against that!</p>
<p>Alpha Primus clicked. +&lt;excitement; hunger; statement&gt; <em>Soon we shall feast on human flesh, kindred. The first of many.</em>+</p>
<p>More clicking from the others in agreement. They were all shamed by the failure on Earth, and this overpowering response against a single human was their best hope of regaining the fear the galaxy rightfully held of them.</p>
<p>Alpha Secundus clicked above the rest. +&lt;fervour, demand&gt; <em>I shall claim his skull and place it on my wall!</em>+</p>
<p>The argument that followed regarding the various claims on the human’s body parts was interrupted as the speaker system flared into life. </p>
<p>*“Attention arseholes, this is your human speaking, I wish to inform you that you can suck my left nut–”</p>
<p>The speaker system cut off, unexpectedly terminating whatever further abuse the human was going to hurl at them.</p>
<p>Alpha Tertius clicked furiously. +&lt;Rage; statement&gt; <em>Insolence! It dares to challenge all of us! It will die horribly!</em>+</p>
<p>There was vehement agreement from the others, and Alpha Secundus made its intention known to eat the eyes of the human while it still lived.</p>
<p>The speaker broke into life again, immediately gaining the attention of every Hunter on the Flight Deck. “Excuse me, Hunter army,” said a well spoken female voice. “We have captured the human and wish to trade him for our own lives. Please cease cutting into our doors if you agree, and we will send him out to you in a stasis pod.”</p>
<p>The Alphas looked at each other in ecstasy. The human delivered to them so easily, by its own side no less!</p>
<p>Alpha Primus clicked with glee. +&lt;Happiness; deceit; suggestion&gt; *We shall pretend to accept their terms! Then, once we have the human, we shall recommence our attack!“+</p>
<p>Alpha Secundus clicked its own appreciation of the plan. &lt;Agreement; statement&gt; <em>They will be without defence. The brood will feed!</em>+</p>
<p>The others agreed in similar fashion, and started issuing their orders to pull back from the doors and wait. Soon the real show would begin.</p>
<p>”This is a terrible plan, you know,“ Trycrur told Adrian as she helped him with his gear. “There’s got to be another way!”</p>
<p>“We haven’t got a lot of  time, Trix,” Adrian said with some resignation. “Believe me when I say I’d prefer I didn’t have to do this, but from what you’ve all told me I’m the only one who’s going to be able to survive out there.”</p>
<p>“Sorry,” she said, “but if we don’t get access to the Salvage ship...”</p>
<p>“We’re all fucked,” he said. “I know, we only have one shot at this. Just remember to carry a torch with you.”</p>
<p>“I can echo–locate,” she said.</p>
<p>He sighed. “Of course you can. Looks like a bat–girl, echo–locates like a bat–girl...”</p>
<p>“Are you ready to do this?” she asked him, ignoring his rambling.</p>
<p>“Nobody’s ready to do <em>this</em>,” he replied with a half–hearted grin. “But I’m still going to give it a red hot go.”</p>

<p>The hunters leered in as one as the airlock door of the flight deck opened to reveal a stasis pod on an automated hover lifter. It drifted slowly amongst them, and those closest watched with intense caution under the general suspicion that this was some kind of trap.</p>
<p>Alpha Primus clicked in delight as the scan reports came in positive to the presence of organic material and negative to any unexpected surprises. +&lt;Disbelief; statement&gt; <em>It appears they really are so foolish!</em>+
Alphas Secondus and Tertius chorused their mirth at the fact, and gave orders to initiate the plan. Finally they would feast on the flesh of a human, even if it wouldn’t be claimed in the traditional manner.</p>

<p>Adrian watched the bug–like aliens skitter around the pod, drawing back as a ship weapon turned and fired on the container. The entire container was destroyed immediately, and its contents blasted out in a spray of gore.</p>
<p>Their attention was focused entirely on the red flesh that oozed from the wreckage of the stasis pod as they competed over sampling it in a swarming activity. None of them paid any attention to the small form high above them, not when their interest– and their jubilation – was so focused.</p>
<p>It was ironically easy to forget to think in three dimensions when faced with such a large room, but the access corridors around all sides of the flight deck had never been locked away but simply uninteresting. One of them led to the ceiling structures, the massive mechanisms designed for moving ships, and served yet another way into the flight deck for the enterprising defender. It also had a magnificent view of the action below.</p>
<p>“Come on out you fuckers,” Adrian mumbled to himself as those who had been left to crew the ships finally emerged, flooding from the hatches without restraint, leaving access to their ships wide open. They had feared him, had been cautious a moment ago when they had faced their greatest enemy, but now they thought themselves victorious. They thought themselves invincible. They would soon learn they were wrong on both counts.</p>
<p>He gritted his teeth and tied the leather cord to the structure at his feet, and then stuck the rubbery tube in his mouth. This was about to get unpleasant.</p>

<p>There was something wrong with the taste of the meat, Alpha Primus realised. It didn’t taste entirely fresh, and nor did it have that certain something that belonged to sentient beings.</p>
<p>It looked to the other Alphas. +&lt;Confusion; dissatisfaction; question&gt; <em>Is this how a human is supposed to taste?</em>+</p>
<p>They were equally disappointed, and made no effort to disguise the fact. They had come so far for this, with such an army, and <em>this</em> was their reward? If it wasn’t for the ship, it would have been the greatest single waste of effort in their history.</p>
<p>That was when all the gravity went away.</p>

<p>Adrian grabbed the rope tight as the gravity disappeared, holding it firmly with his right hand while his left gripped a small hover–drone normally used for taking pictures and other surveillance. It couldn’t carry anything but itself in anything approaching standard gravity, but in zero gee it could move him.</p>
<p>The angry commotion was snatched away by the wind as power shut down. Treoffa had maintained remote control over the power distribution system in the Salvage ship. Without power being fed to the Zhadersil there were no lights. Without power being fed to the Zhadersil, there was no forcefield holding in the atmosphere on the flight deck.</p>
<p>That was unfortunate for the thousand–odd Hunters being sucked out into the blackness of space without protection, their many limbs flailing as they tried to remain on the flight deck, arms being torn off as they found grips on the floor in the face of cyclonic wind speeds. A thousand Hunters, and associated limbs, personally entered high–orbit of the Deathworld.</p>
<p>Adrian waited for the wind to subside, holding his breath for long enough that the scant few more he had in the hastily assembled air–bag would last him a minute more. He released his white–knuckled grip on the rope and kicked himself down into the airless void. It was Treoffa’s turn to work now.</p>

<p>Treoffa still had video feed from the drone in Adrian’s hand, and along with the others had borne witness to the terrible tragedy unfolding upon those who couldn’t deserve it more.</p>
<p>Right now she could, if she wished, leave the human to die, but that would invite violent rebuke from the others in the room, and would doom herself as well. As much as she hated admitting it, she was entirely reliant upon Adrian for her own survival, and unlike Bekmer she had the intelligence to see it and to accept it.</p>
<p>Under her guidance the drone dragged Adrian towards the Salvage ship with solid acceleration. There were enough Vacuum–Suits in there to provide for all of them, except for Adrian for whom the physiology had not yet been registered.</p>
<p>The plan was working so far though, she had to admit she had thought it would fail, but now she was willing to wait and–</p>
<p>She twisted the view of the camera suddenly as something attracted her attention.</p>
<p>“Is that what I think it is?” asked Chir, pointing out the Hunter ship that had just switched its engines back on.</p>
<p>Treoffa stared at it. One ship had still had its pilot. One hunter ship was still active. “Fuck.”</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>