<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: I</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: I</h1>
<p class="author">By devourerkwi</p>
<div id="main-body">




<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
</ul>

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em>Ante mortem</em>: Before death</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centurion">Centurion</a></em>: A mid–level officer in the Roman army who commanded 80 men</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pugio">Pugio</a></em>: A dagger used by Roman soldiers as a sidearm and auxiliary weapon</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<p>The arrow rent the left side of his neck, a silver–brown bolt that fell from a cloudless sky as he drove his pugio into the Batavian barbarian’s enormous lower back.  The pain in his neck was instant; so was the flood of sticky, metallic–tasting liquid in his throat and mouth.  The blood flowed back through the wound and unleashed a torrent of crimson on his dusty golden armor and the black leather of the Batavian, who was still writhing in agony and likely to be alive longer than he would.  The last sound he heard before falling unconscious was his own panicked gurgling as he choked on his own blood.</p>
<p>Lucius Bellator Maximus awoke to a damp, metallic floor in a dimly lit space.  It wasn’t Elysium—at least, not the Elysium he had been promised—and it hummed, though he couldn’t see why or from where.  He looked around and saw two women, a child, and the Batavian he had waylaid, but no walls or ceiling.  One woman, clutching the child, had a long neck and mottled, thinning hair; her son was bald and fat with midnight skin, and scared, alert eyes that fervently scanned the dark of their surroundings.  The other woman had tan–colored, smooth skin and long, perfectly straight black hair that dropped to the small of her back.  It flowed as she turned her head to and fro, her narrow black eyes frantically looking about; her body was wrapped in fine silk nearly the color of her skin that plumed with each sudden movement.</p>
<p>The Batavian was sitting up and furiously investigating the hole in his hardened leather armor, pushing his fingers through the slit Lucius’s pugio made to find no wound.  He stood up and stretched, testing his inexplicably healthy body, and slowly scanned around to get a sense of his surroundings.  Lucius tentatively raised his right hand to the spot the arrow had sundered him, fingers probing, finding nothing but the rough skin of a scar.  It couldn’t be Elysium; he would have no scar and the Batavian would not be with him.</p>
<p>The Batavian finished surveying the area away from Lucius and turned to meet his gaze.  Lucius stood up, palms open and facing his former prey, indicating his will but distaste for fighting.  The boy whimpered, scared, clutching his mother more tightly, and the woman in silk crouched at the ready.  The Batavian leaned forward in an aggressive stance, his steely stare flittering across Lucius’s body, resting momentarily at his open hands.  Their concentration was broken as a short whir revealed a portal with shimmering light behind it—and a silhouette.</p>
<p>The silhouette grew larger as it approached, splitting in two as it crossed the portal.  The portal closed, cutting off the blinding white light.  It took Lucius a few moments to readjust his vision before he noticed that each ... thing ... was as tall as a cavalryman standing atop his horse and had four pale, beige arms, each as thick as a battering ram.  They lacked ears and their eyes were set at unusual angles, their necks featuring bulbous goiters.  Each brandished a pointy metal stick that looked like it could be a sword but neither wore armor, choosing instead to dress in cloth that came down to the knees, the same light, billowing kind Lucius enjoyed wearing when home with his wife and children.</p>
<p>Lucius instantly noticed the confidence with which these strange things carried themselves.  He snuck a look at the Batavian and found that his former enemy had concluded what he had: They were captives, and these enormous, ugly beings were his captors.  Surely he and the Batavian were to be tortured, the women raped, the child murdered.  He could not allow their innocent blood to be spilled, nor could he allow himself to be forced to fight against the Empire.  He had to escape, but he didn’t even have his pugio, much less his sword.  He would need the Batavian’s help.</p>
<p>His attention had been locked to his four–armed captors and he hadn’t noticed the mother slide backward until she hit a wall they never knew was there, quickly hiding her son behind her.  He also hadn’t noticed the silk–clad woman slip behind their captors and brace herself against the portal.  She let out a shriek and, as they turned to confront her, dove with alarming grace to the side.  Lucius instinctively acted at their distractedness and charged the monstrosity closer to him, hoping to knock it over before it could react.  He impacted it at full force, running faster than he ever had—he had no idea where his newfound speed came from—and slammed into the wall on the other side, covered in blood for the second time in recent memory.  The Batavian did the same, but had somehow run headlong into the portal and sundered it in two, flooding the blinding white light back into their enclave.</p>
<p>Lucius tended his impact–bruised shoulder gingerly and surveyed his handiwork.  His target had exploded—literally exploded—as he sandwiched it between himself and the wall.  Entrails dripped from the walls and ceiling around him and covered him with a stench he was sure would last the rest of his life.  He turned to find the silk–clad woman helping the boy and his mother, wiping blood from their faces and picking them up.  She was clearly scared, but she was still quite useful, and she obviously understood their predicament.  The Batavian, for his part, had launched his new trophy through the portal and it had skidded to a halt somewhere outside.</p>
<p>The Batavian bellowed a hearty laugh and shouted something in his barbarian language, pointing down what turned out to be a long hallway with many portals on each side.  There were other captives, possibly other Romans; if he could find two or three more legionaries, they would recognize his uniform as that of a Centurion and he would be able to form a cohesive fighting unit that could defend the women and children.  He was sure that the Batavian, large and strong as he was, knew nothing of tactics; at any rate, they spoke different tongues.</p>
<p>Lucius knew what he had to do.  He picked up one of the metal sticks the four–armed things had carried but instantly felt a burning, tingling sensation inside his arm that made him drop it.  He tried again, more carefully looking for the hilt and handle before grasping, and managed to keep it.  He winced as he tested it on his forearm and understood that the part of the stick where the end of a blade would be on a short sword would burn one’s innards if it contacted someone too long.  He sheathed it in the scabbard that previously held his sword as the Batavian watched and copied him.</p>
<p>The two nodded at each other and stepped into the hallway.  They had nowhere to go but forward.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>