<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Monkeys Reaches Stars</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Monkeys Reaches Stars</h1>
<p class="author">By hume_reddit</p>
<div id="main-body">




<p>“Shoo!  <em>Woh kan i!  Woh kan i!</em>”</p>

<p>Xiù giggled as the little alien kid ran over chanting the familiar demand.  It was morning… or, well, as close to morning as she could guess.  She was sure her sleep patterns had shifted over the past month, and there was no day or night cycle here, but she had a routine and her “roommates” had figured it out.  Every morning she would stretch and practice her forms, and the aliens – looking for all the world like human–sized bipedal racoons – liked to watch her do it, for some reason.</p>

<p>The little ones were vocal in their admiration, and they were so astonishingly adorable that Xiù couldn’t refuse them.  They couldn’t pronounce her name properly, but that just made it cuter.  She didn’t know what they were saying, but she’d figured out that “woh kan i” was their way of asking for her to practice.</p>

<p>The adults just liked having their children distracted from their horrible circumstances.</p>

<p>Xiù stood, having finished washing her face in the running sink of water that occupied a single corner of the large, grey room.  Her clothing – a simple t–shirt and leggings – were getting grimy and smelly, and her long hair hung limply.  Three weeks locked into this large, grey room without a shower was wearing her down.  After the first week she’d finally surrendered to necessity and given herself the most miserable and cold sponge–bath ever, using one of her leg–warmers as a cloth, and trying to ignore the curious gazes of the raccoons as she removed her clothing.  They may have been aliens, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t blushing furiously the entire time.  Still, it’d made her feel better.</p>

<p>She probably wouldn’t need to wash so much if she didn’t exercise, but being a prisoner didn’t mean she wanted to lose her hard–earned muscle tone.  It was hard enough to work up a proper sweat in the lighter gravity of… where–ever she was.</p>

<p>She tossed her impromptu washcloth over by her winter coat, which was folded up on the hard slate–grey floor where it had been acting as a pillow since her arrival.  She looked over at little Myun and beckoned; the little alien chittered, which she had guessed was their version of happy laughter.  The lights of the high ceiling shone brightly upon them as she walked over to a open area of the room and sank into a deep <em>ma bu</em> or horse stance.  Myun imitated her, though with far less success.  The aliens had long bodies and short, stubby legs, so they had a harder time balancing.</p>

<p>She slipped into the form, letting her arms and legs move with the confidence of endless repetition.  Her pace was slow… when she’d first started these exercises shortly after her capture, she hadn’t wanted to alarm the aliens she was imprisoned with.  When some of the little ones had begun imitating her, she hadn’t wanted to outpace and embarrass them.  So she moved at a rate that was closer to a <em>taiji</em> meditation instead of the violent sharpness of <em>xingyi</em> or swirling movements of <em>bagua</em>.</p>

<p>Beside her Myun tipped over, but chittered in good humour.</p>



<p>Ayma smiled as Myun flopped over again in her attempts to imitate their fellow alien prisoner.  The other three children watched in fascination as the human female stretched and contorted and balanced her body in ways that were astonishing.  Yet the movements were incredibly graceful, beautiful in their elegance.  They didn’t know why she danced for them, but the cubs loved it and it was a welcome distraction, even for the adults.</p>

<p>It helped them forget that they were all lab animals, trapped in a cage.</p>

<p>They’d been snatched by mercenaries on a simple trip between their homeworld, Gao, and the second colony, Gorai.  A settler ship full of females and children, the males had spent their lives bravely resisting the invaders, but there had been simply too many of the huge four–armed Locayl, armed with pulse rifles that were several centuries more advanced than their own.  Her species was a clever one – they’d progressed from flight to their first space stations in less than two hundred stellar rotations of their homeworld, which was apparently a new galactic record – but they were still latecomers on the scene.</p>

<p>The more helpful of the other species of the galaxy had warned them that it was an unfriendly place, especially for those species that had yet to join the Galactic Council properly.  The Gaoians were cautious by nature… the offer to join the Council and the vague hints of consequences if they didn’t had sounded a little too much like bullying, so they wanted to carefully examine the fine–print.  They’d been right to be concerned… some of the trade regulations weren’t acceptable, and some requirements impinged on their sovereignty.  The sticking points had been worked through, however, and there was hope that they’d be a full, proper member of the interstellar community in less than ten stellar rotations.</p>

<p>It really wasn’t a surprise that some races wished to victimize the Gaoians as they could before they joined the “club”.  Their captain and crew eliminated, the females and children had been herded into cages on the mercenary ship.  Their own vessel – and the evidence – had been destroyed with a core overload.  Trapped in the cages, they’d been taken to this installation on an unoccupied world, shoved into this single large room with its embarrassing amenities, and left to wait for their fate.</p>

<p>Every day, someone different would be taken.  The ones who returned spoke of experiments.  It was no shock to learn that their captors were Corti, the vile scientists of the galaxy.  Blood was drawn, biopsies taken, fur shaved.  One of the young females had returned missing an eye… another had her arm taken below the elbow.  Their bodies could be repaired, if they managed to get home, but their spirits would remember.  And they were the lucky ones… two of their number had never returned at all.</p>

<p>It made Ayma’s whiskers quiver with rage.  On Gao, females were sacred, second only to the cubs.  The males had many clans, but the females had only one.  Every female was clan with every other, and woe be to those who harmed the clan.  The males would compete and war as their instincts demanded, but they always kept it amongst themselves.  A male who harmed a female would find it impossible to mate.  If a male harmed a <em>cub</em>, he would be torn apart by every female in reach and by every male who ever hoped to have a cub of his own.</p>

<p>So far the Corti and their thuggish henchmen had yet to try to take one of their cubs, but Ayma knew it was only a matter of time.</p>

<p>It shamed her to think it, but she hoped they took Xiù first.  She liked the strange alien, but the fact remained that she wasn’t Gaoian and wasn’t clan, although Ayma was reasonably certain Xiù was female… the breasts might have been large and oddly placed, but they were breasts, even hidden under the clothing.</p>

<p>She’d been dumped into their holding cell straight from a holding cage, just as they had been, mere hours after their own arrival.  She’d been obviously terrified of them, just as they’d been of her.  She’d cowered in the corner for near a day, and they hadn’t approached.  She obviously didn’t have a translator, and didn’t understand a word they spoke, nor did her strange words mean anything to them.  Ayma had noticed that she spoke at least two languages, as the harsh barking sounds and the sing–song words that sounded so similar to Gaoian couldn’t possibly be the same tongue.</p>

<p>Eventually it’d been Ayma herself who had broken the tension, offering the furless humanoid a nutrient sphere – the semi–solid grey suspension of basic proteins, carbohydrates, and minerals that was edible by all species and palatable to none.  She’d had to pantomime their purpose, finally eating one in front of her and leaving another on the floor and backing away.  Xiù had timidly picked it up, and finally two days of hunger had pushed her into taking a tiny bite.  Ayma had chittered in laughter… disgust transcended language.  But the alien female had finished the sphere, and then astonished them all by standing to move over to the dispenser embedded into the wall to consume four more.</p>

<p>After that they’d haltingly exchanged names in the clumsy way of first contacts everywhere: Ayma had pointed to herself and said “<em>Ayma</em>.”  Then she’d pointed around all the others: “<em>Gaoian</em>”.</p>

<p><em>The alien pointed at Ayma with a long, slender finger from one hairless hand, so much like a Corti’s but with fewer digits.  “Ayma.”  Ayma bounced her head in affirmation.  “Gaoian.”  Encouraged, she gestured again.</em></p>

<p><em>Ayma pointed at a nearby female, “Ujali.”  Then at the little cub who was currently peeking out from behind her.  “Myun.”  One by one, she introduced each of the members of their ill–fated voyage.</em></p>

<p><em>When she was done she looked at the alien expectantly.  The alien realized after a moment, then pointed at herself.  “Xiù,” she said.</em>  “Human.”</p>

<p>The `human’ was friendly enough once the ice was broken.  Understandably nervous, and after a while Ayma realized it wasn’t just because of their circumstances… in fact, Xiù seemed to barely have a grasp on their predicament.  After some clumsy, sign–language communication, Ayma realized that their lone visitor was from an <em>uncontacted</em> species.  She felt even more sympathy for the lost humanoid – the Council considered species without FTL ability as barely sapient, and certainly wouldn’t expend any effort in returning her home.  She had no way to tell Xiù this, and wasn’t sure it would help her at all even if she could.</p>

<p>She watched with them as every day the huge guards would open the door, pick one of the Gaoians and drag them off for study and experimentation.  She saw how resistance was met with pain sticks, the merest touch enough to leave an adult female twitching in agony on the floor.  The body language of another species was always hard to decipher, but Ayma was confident the strangely mobile and expressive face of Xiù showed horror each time.</p>

<p>The fright and despair was broken only by boredom.  Their cage was a large, square room, with only the nutrient dispenser, the water fountain, and a single, omni–species toilet with only a single thin wall for privacy.  There was no stimulation, and the cubs were understandably restless within a day.  The adults had no desire to burden the children with their own lack of hope, but they also had nothing to distract them with.</p>

<p>Xiù, apparently, also experienced boredom.  Ayma had no idea whether their `days’ were equivalent to the human’s, nor what kind of day/night schedule they had, but shortly after waking from her sleep cycle on the fourth day, the alien female had begun stretching her body in an astonishingly limber display.  And once she judged herself sufficiently pliable, she’d begun… to dance.</p>

<p>A strange dance, for certain, but beautiful.  She moved in a circle, her movements as smooth as oiled machinery.  Her upper limbs would extend like wings, or thrust in front of her.  She sometimes crouched amazingly low, or leaped incredibly high, and when she landed it was with barely a whisper.  Ayma had thought the creature was a mammal, possibly a primate, but with such displays she had to wonder whether Xiù was actually avian.</p>

<p>The cubs, who had begun to become listless and left with nothing but their fear, had been delighted.</p>
<p>Xiù breathed softly as she traced her way through the <em>ba gua nei gong</em>, her hands drawing lines and circles gently in the air.  Beside her Myun imitated her as best as her short limbs allowed, and Xiù couldn’t help but smile.  She kept her lips shut – she’d read once that humans and other primates were unique in showing teeth as a friendly gesture, and she didn’t want to frighten anyone.</p>

<p>She never once thought that kind of information would be anything more than trivia… just as she’d never thought she’d be doing <em>gung–fu</em> in outer space with aliens.</p>

<p>She didn’t even consider herself that much of a student!  She took the classes because her mother constantly lamented how <em>Americanized</em> her daughter was, nevermind the fact that they lived in Vancouver and she was technically Chinese–<em>Canadian</em>.  Her mother complained constantly about her clothing, her music… even her accent when she spoke Mandarin.  She sometimes wondered if her mother considered university to be an expensive dating service… apparently, instead of working on her degree, she was supposed to be finding a studious young man in the engineering or computer science departments with good prospects so she could settle down and marry.  The fact that this young man should be <em>Chinese</em> went without saying.</p>

<p>And Mother wondered why she got along so much better with Daddy.</p>

<p>Xiù had her own plans: she wanted to be an <em>actress</em>.  She idolized the likes of Zhang Ziyi, Gong Li, and Michelle Yeoh.  Her mother’s complaints that she was becoming too detached from the country of her birth was ridiculous… Zhang Ziyi was an amazing ambassador of Chinese culture.  Too masculine?  Had her mother never <em>looked</em> at Gong Li?  Daddy, busy as he was, was supportive, funding her ballet classes and <em>gung–fu</em> lessons along with her university tuition.   Xiù worked hard, determined that one day it would be her on a stage, accepting a Golden Horse award, or perhaps even an Oscar… her father would be there, and he’d be proud.</p>

<p>She hoped she’d see them again… even Mother. </p>

<p>It had been on her way home from her night ballet class that she’d been taken.  It had been like something out of a movie: a beam of light had shone down on her from the heavens, and her feet had taken leave of the earth.  If anyone had heard her shrieks they hadn’t responded.  She’d been carried up and straight into a barred metal cage, being stared at by a lone… <em>creature</em>, that looked absolutely like the aliens from that Roswell video hoax… except it probably wasn’t a hoax, was it?  Before she could react he’d pressed something against the side of her throat, and with a <em>pfft</em> of expelled air something had been injected under her skin.</p>

<p>Then he turned and simply left.  Left her in her cage, in the grey, featureless room.</p>

<p>She’d screamed and kicked at the bars, but they hadn’t cared.  She’d cowered when two of the huge, four–armed aliens had come in to stare at her.  In the back of her mind she’d understood that the subtle vibrations of the deck and her cage were the hum of an engine, an engine that was likely flinging them through space at impossible speeds.  A day later she’d been dumped into this holding room, like a tiger captured on safari, to share a room with two dozen human–sized racoons.</p>

<p>At least they’d been friendly.  And they were prisoners, like her.  She didn’t know what happened each day when one of them would be dragged off by the behemoths, as she called them, but her imagination supplied a number of awful possibilities, each worse than the last.  Possibilities that were confirmed as the racoons began returning – those that <em>did</em> return – with terrible wounds.</p>

<p>Xiù didn’t know why she practiced her forms in such a place.  Maybe it was because the gravity felt so much lighter… she felt like she wouldn’t <em>need</em> wires to reproduce the amazing stunts from the movies she studied.  Maybe because she wanted to feel like she still had <em>some</em> power, and martial arts were about inner strength.</p>

<p>Maybe she did it because, no matter what it was meant for, <em>gung–fu</em> was beautiful… and this place needed beauty.</p>

<p>She’d completed her routine once already and was launching into a second iteration when the lone door to the shared room groaned upward.  She halted in her movements as she heard the hisses of fright from the racoons.  Myun whimpered and hid behind Xiù, wide black eyes peeking around her hip.</p>

<p>Two the behemoths stepped into the room.  They were huge, twice as tall as Xiù herself (although she would reluctantly admit that didn’t say much) and possessed of four arms that were as thick around the biceps as her own waist.  Their skin was a pale beige, and their clothing was little more than baggy khaki shorts with equipment and what were likely symbols of rank attached to the belt.  They looked like fat old men with oddly–angled eyes, huge goiters, and tiny holes where the ears on a human would be located.  Each held two of the long metal sticks that could cripple any of the raccoons that resisted with the barest touch.</p>

<p>They stopped just inside the door, surveying the frightened prisoners.  Their tiny beady eyes turned in Xiù’s direction, and one raised an arm, pointing at her with a fat, three–fingered hand.  Her heart froze in her chest.</p>

<p>“What?  What do you want?” she asked, her voice shaking.  The behemoth stomped toward her, growling in a low unintelligible voice.  “What do you want?  Why did you take me?”</p>

<p>The big alien stared down at her shaking form, repeating whatever it said before, but she didn’t understand!  Finally it lost patience, grabbing hold of her shoulder… and <em>shoving her to the side</em>.  With its last free hand it reached for Myun.</p>

<p>Xiù heard the barks of the adult raccoons, matching her own shocked inhalation.  “What?  No!  Not her!”  She reached out and grabbed the alien hand before it could wrap around Myun’s tiny arm.  The behemoth had been expecting it; one of its stick swung down and caught her across the collarbone, and she felt like she’d been tazed.  She cried out, collapsing to one knee.</p>

<p>She heaved in a breath as the behemoth lifted the stick, thinking her finished, as he grabbed again for the alien child.  Xiù found the strength to grab his wrist again; she saw his beady little eyes go wide.  He swung the taser–stick down again, hitting her in the arm, and this time he held it against her.  Fire spread up and down her arm, but she braced herself and took it.</p>

<p>The hand that held his wrist clenched from the shock, and she felt bone crumble inside her grip as it did.  His skin tore, and greenish blood leaked out across her fingers.  The behemoth roared in pain.</p>

<p><em>What?</em></p>

<p>The adult raccoons had gone berserk as soon as the little one was threatened.  They swarmed the other big alien, who swung both of his taser–sticks back and forth.  The slightest touch was enough to draw a screech from the raccoons and send them flying, where they’d lay twitching on the floor, limbs quivering and drool leaking from their mouths.  Why was Xiù so less affected?</p>

<p>The answer was obvious, as plain as her pink furless skin and red blood.  <em>They</em> weren’t the aliens here – <em>she</em> was.</p>

<p>She snarled, struggling against the stick which was still held against her arm, her dirty, sweaty grey shirt doing little to insulate her.  The behemoth groaned in pain, his wrist still held by her.  She let go and jumped, planting her foot in his sternum, a full–force straight kick.  There was a loud crack and the big alien was sent flying, Xiù thrust in the opposite direction.  Both hit the walls on opposite sides of the prison room.</p>

<p>Xiù stood back up.  The behemoth did not.</p>

<p>Total silence covered the room, as every eye in the room stared incredulously at her.  The remaining behemoth was surrounded by a dozen fallen raccoons, including Ayma, but he didn’t seem to be concerned about those who were struggling painfully to their feet.  He didn’t have to: <em>everyone</em> was more concerned about the lone human in the room.</p>

<p>The behemoth turned and darted – well, as much as a fat, two–and–a–half–metre brute could be said to <em>dart</em> – toward the still–open door, abandoning his fallen comrade and the circle of disabled prisoners scattered around him.</p>
<p>&amp;nbsp</p>
<p><em>He’s going to lock us in!</em> she realized, and her feet were moving before she’d finished the thought.  She charged ahead, each stride consuming metres at a pace.  She covered the distance and thrust out her hands, catching him in the side with an instinctive <em>shuang zhuang zhang</em>, or double–palm strike.  There was another crunch and he flew sideways into the wall, but she was following, leaping and catching him in the chest with her knee.  Another snapping, popping sound; he barked out the last of his breath and slid down to the floor, his barrel chest warped beyond survival.</p>

<p>Xiù looked down in shock at the alien, dead by her hands.</p>
<p>“Shoo.  <em>Shoo</em>.”  She couldn’t pronounce the human’s name correctly… her short muzzle just didn’t want to make the proper sound.  But Xiù had always known when she was being addressed.  She didn’t respond now; the alien was staring down at her open hands, hairless but spotted with the greenish blood of the Locayl.</p>

<p>Ayma hadn’t seen the first brute die, but she’d been hypnotized along with everyone else as the second met his end even as he tried to escape.  Xiù had crossed the room in an eyeblink and shoved him into the nutrient sphere dispenser, leaping high and following it up with another hit from her leg.  The impact had crushed him against the dispenser, crumpling it and spilling a stream of round nutrient spheres across the floor.</p>

<p>Ayma had been terrified and infuriated at the same time.  Terrified because this alien, this human who she’d allowed to play with the cubs for ten–days, had crushed two of the cruelest mercenaries available for hire as if they were nothing.  Infuriated, because this alien could crush these mercenaries as if they were nothing, and yet she’d cowered along with the rest of them for ten–days as Gaoians were plucked from their cage for experimentation and death.  Then Ayma saw Xiù’s face, and recognized the horror there: <em>She’s never killed before!  She didn’t</em> know <em>she could do this!</em></p>

<p>Of course… an uncontacted species!  It made Ayma feel better and worse at the same time.</p>

<p>“<em>Shoo</em>,” she said again, carefully taking hold of the alien’s hand, making sure her small claws were retracted before she did.  Xiù flinched, jerking out of her grip, and Ayma forced herself to take hold again, not thinking of what those hands could do.  “Shoo, we have to go!”  Xiù just stared blankly.</p>

<p>Ayma reluctantly let go, turning to the others to help calm the cubs and get those who were still feeling the effects of the pain–sticks to their feet.  The door was still open, this was their one opportunity, and they couldn’t waste it.  They owed Xiù but they couldn’t make her move nor spend time convincing her… there was always the chance the door could be operated remotely.</p>

<p>With that in mind she hustled everyone out the door to gather themselves safely out of their cell.  Ayma had barely made it out herself when the door began to slide down, either commanded by remote or activated by a timer.  “Shoo!”  She made a mournful sound.</p>

<p>The door was three–quarters closed – just above a Gaoian’s low hips – when clawless digits grabbed hold of it from underneath.  Ayma heard the motors inside the walls groan as they struggled against the obstructing force; the door still moved, but barely.  The whine climbed in pitch for several heartbeats, until Xiù ducked under and let it go.</p>

<p>The human met Ayma’s gaze.  She shivered as if cold, the thick coat she’d been captured with and used as a pillow while she slept left behind, but her eyes were clear.</p>

<p>“Good,” Ayma said.  She turned away, sniffing at the air, using her nose to try and choose a direction.  She was reasonably certain they were on a planet, and an open window was the best she was hoping for.  Picking a direction, she moved forward with a confidence she didn’t really feel.  “This way!”</p>

<p>Ayma was the eldest female, so the others looked to her for leadership… but she wished it hadn’t fallen upon her.  She had no idea what she was doing, not that she’d admit that to the others.  So she lead them and hoped for the best.</p>

<p>They got lucky in that they didn’t meet any resistance within the prison wing.  Soon they found themselves in among what was obviously a lab complex; the walls were high and white, coated in polymers that helped them resist damage, bacteria… and blood stains, Ayma thought grimly.  Opening the odd door revealed the labs themselves and their Corti occupants, confirming for Ayma the nature of their kidnappers.</p>

<p>One particular lab contained a Corti scientist that Yulna recognized, her remaining eye blazing with fury.  She leaped at him with a snarl, and half of the other females followed to help; when they were done the Corti would trouble no one else except the cleaning droids.  Ayma glanced over at Xiù, who had watched the massacre with wide eyes.</p>

<p>Shortly afterward they encountered the first squad of guards sent to recapture them.  Ayma smelled them before she saw them, but when the first Mjrnhrm rounded the corner, a pain–stick held high in one pincer, it still took them all by surprise.  The stick struck Ayma across the face, and she fell with a shriek of pain, her entire body shaking with convulsions.  The insectoid raised the stick to hit another, but Xiù leaped in between, taking the blow across her raised upper limb.  Fighting the betrayal of her own body, Ayma was still able to see the crippling blow do little to the human; Xiù screeched but didn’t fall, and her foot snapped out and crushed the joint on the Mjrnhrm’s right foreleg.  He tipped, emitting a high–pitched cry, and the human spun.  Mjrnhrm weren’t as big as Locayl, but they still towered over the little human; it didn’t matter as he collapsed and Xiù’s leg reached as high as her own head in a spinning kick.  The Mjrnhrm’s head was torn clean from his shoulders, flying off to bounce against the far wall and putting its blood–resistant coating to the test with a splatter of beige slime.</p>

<p>Ayma watched as Xiù was frozen again by shock at the worst time.  The Mjrnhrm wasn’t alone; another came up behind, and seeing his partner killed so easily he dropped his pain–stick and went for the holster around his thorax.  Before any of them could react he pulled his pulse pistol.  Xiù stared uncomprehendingly as he aimed and shot her in the chest.  The human reeled backwards.</p>

<p>Ayma had recovered enough to cry out, but the shocked sound was cut off in her throat as Xiù recovered her balance.  She didn’t fall, though by rights her chest should have been a ruin of powdered bone and bruised organs.  Not only could she still breath, but she was snarling, her teeth bared ferociously as she flung herself at her assailant.</p>

<p>The thug was as shocked as any of them, but he aimed the pistol to try again.  Xiù moved more quickly than she had even in the prison room; she swept within his reach, an open hand parrying the insectoid’s extended limb.  She swept it down in a circle and her other hand snapped around against the limb’s joint.  There was a crunch of chitin and the limb was torn away, the pistol still held in the now–limp pincer.</p>

<p>Xiù dropped the severed limb, and the Mjrnhrm didn’t even have time to cry out before her open hands slammed into his thorax, sending him flying backwards.  He crashed against the wall and slid to the floor, unmoving.</p>

<p>The other three members of the five–sapient team, all Locayl, surged around the corner and halted, aghast, at the sight of their two dead team members.  Then Xiù was leaping at them, and they had no time to think.</p>
<p>Xiù was becoming deaf to the crack of bone, blind to the colour of beige or green blood.</p>

<p>The group was advancing steadily forward… they’d progressed beyond the labs and were now in what seemed to be office areas.  Some of the rooms contained the aliens who looked like the Roswellian greys, but those aliens had no desire to fight, instead choosing to run or hide.  Except for the one alien that the one–eyed raccoon had had a special hate for, the group didn’t bother with them.</p>

<p>A few of the offices had windows, and Xiù now knew they were on a planet.  A barren planet that looked a lot like a beige version of Mars.  She was on an <em>alien planet</em>.  It was amazing and momentous and she desperately wished it was someone else in her place… a soldier, maybe, or a scientist.</p>

<p>They’d met two more groups of soldier–aliens, slightly larger groups each time.  Their enemies weren’t interested in capturing them anymore, as they always opened fire with their energy weapons as soon as they caught sight of them, spitting out bolts of white light.  Three of their number had been cut down already – two fatally, if she understood the mournful sounds of her partners.  It proved her suspicion that the raccoon–like aliens were just as fragile as their captors… or, more accurately, that Xiù was as far more durable.  Twice Xiù had thoughtlessly thrown herself in front of Ayma and taken hits that she was sure would have killed her alien friend; the impacts had hurt, like a solid punch, but no worse.</p>

<p>When they met such resistance Ayma and the others would fall back and take shelter, and leave Xiù to her work.</p>

<p>The first encounters had been slaughters.  She’d still been frightened and angry, and the insectoid aliens were terrifying… she didn’t like bugs!  But she still had to defend the others, and so she’d fought desperately.  Her form had been horrible; Sifu would have made her clean the <em>guan</em> top to bottom twice if he’d seen it!  She hit too hard and barely maintained her balance while kicking.  The adrenaline flooding her system had made her sloppy, and in between fights she would shiver as her heart raced.</p>

<p>Still she won.  The insectoids were terrifying, their carapaces shiny and hideous, but they cracked like glass beneath her strikes and spewed horrible beige fluids onto her hands and clothing.  She already knew the behemoths couldn’t take a hit, but every time one of the big creatures broke underneath her palms it surprised her.  One had grabbed her arm and drew back two of his other fists to hit her… she’d countered without thinking, twisting her wrist, and his grabbing arm had splintered, bending where even she knew it wasn’t supposed to.  Her retaliating palm–strike to his chest had produced another popping sound and sent him flying into his squadmates, knocking them down like tenpins.  He hadn’t gotten back up.</p>

<p>Her fright had eventually turned to incredulity, and then a grim inner chill.</p>

<p>Xiù knew how stupid it was to wish for a fair fight… they were fighting for their lives and freedom.  And yet… she didn’t feel like a freedom fighter.  She felt like an <em>executioner</em>.  There was no honour to be had, no sense of accomplishment; she stormed through them as easily as she might have kicked and punched her way through a playground at recess.  Xiù was forced to revise her earlier revelation: she wasn’t merely the alien… she was the alien <em>monster</em>.  It wasn’t as satisfying as she thought it might be.</p>

<p>She allowed herself to ease back, to concentrate on her technique and her breath.  She’d been wasting energy and her shoulders and thighs burned from the exertion.  She rested as she could between encounters, saving her strength for when battle was joined, when she would move like the wind and draw fire away from the others.  She would take a few hits from the energy weapons, but once she’d jumped and sprinted into the center of the group they risked hitting each other with every shot.</p>

<p>A few of her enemies had drawn glowing swords (her brother would have been thrilled, he was <em>such</em> a nerd) and nearly sliced her in half, but she dodged the blows and had torn the weapons – and sometimes the hands that held them – from their grips.  Rather than pick the swords up herself she left them for her friends, since for some reason the guns wouldn’t work for them.  She still had her hands and feet.</p>

<p>With her newfound calm she tried not to kill.  She concentrated on her form, her <em>qigong</em>.  Her blocks had been sharp and brutal, once even tearing an arm off one of the behemoths; so instead she tried to use <em>chi sao</em>, guiding their blows around and away.  Her strikes could crush an alien chest, so she softened, turning them into powerful shoves.  Even the largest of the aliens she could fling across a room, where they’d crash into a wall and fall to the ground… down for the count, but still breathing.</p>

<p>She was less careful with the grasshopper aliens, but they triggered every phobia she had and she found it hard to empathize with them.  Still, most of them would survive, even if many were lacking limbs when she was done.  They were still the bad guys, she reminded herself.</p>

<p>When she forced herself to relax it actually let her move faster and last longer, and her movements confused and frustrated the enemy.  It was less effective than the raw terror she’d inspired before, of course, but was also less of a burden on her own spirit.  And it was funny watching the behemoths trying to hit or shoot her when she was in her low stances – they never seemed to think of kicking her.  Perhaps being short wasn’t <em>all</em> bad.</p>
<p>Ayma had never thought they’d make it so far.  She fought because she had to; lead because no one else would.  She was lucky that her guesses so far had been accurate.  She’d simply thought of how the males on Gao tended to act: concerned about image and power, seeking opulence for themselves and their friends.  So she’d simply aimed their group in the direction of the offices with the most decoration, the finest carpets.  So far it seemed to be working.  But they’d have been stopped the moment they’d stepped out of the prison wing were it not for the engine of destruction, this human, that they’d allied themselves with.</p>

<p>Xiù came from a heavy–gravity world, Ayma was sure of it.  It explained her strength and speed.  It explained her durability, and why she ate so much… her skeleton and musculature must be far denser than the average sapient.  It explained why the floor quivered when she ran, as those long legs hammered against the floor… vibrations that Ayma hadn’t noticed in their prison because Xiù walked softly, unconsciously hiding her power.</p>

<p>By unspoken agreement they left the bulk of the fighting to the human.  Ayma had picked up one of the dropped fusion swords, and she and Hamfa and Garun stood guard over the others and the cubs.  Only once had they had to cut down an attacking Locayl… the rest never made it past Xiù, who could dash down a hallway and be within melee before they could react.</p>

<p>Ayma had heard of tornadoes – though no sensible sapient lived on a world that produced them – and Xiù was a living version.  It was all the more astonishing because Amya <em>recognized</em> the attacks the alien female used… although disjointed and out of order, she was unquestionably using the same movements she’d demonstrated in her <em>dancing</em>, applied faster than the eye could follow and with all the strength her compact, powerful body could generate.  It should have been comical, to see a squad of mercenaries attacked by a little alien half their height and a tenth their bulk, but her hands shattered their limbs, knocking them to the floor.  If she was particularly pressed she would jump, lashing out with her feet in sweeping arcs that crushed skulls.  As she watched, Ayma could only think of the steady, elegant movements that Xiù would practice alongside little Myun.</p>

<p>She danced and her enemies died.  What kind of creatures were these humans, that they made combat – the distribution of injury and death – an elegant, perhaps even beautiful process?</p>

<p>The first two squads that tried to stop them were wiped out to the last sapient, blood and gore coating the walls and Xiù’s clothing.  She was a nightmare, a creature from a holovid, and though Ayma knew they needed her it was impossible to feel safe in the presence of something that killed so easily.</p>

<p>After the second group, though, something changed in the way Xiù would fight.  Instead of the sharp, deadly movements, the human began concentrating on defence.  Once the pulse pistols were torn out of manipulators and tossed away or crushed underfoot, the alien female would slow her pace, going after limbs and legs.  At first Ayma thought she was playing with her victims, but it soon was obvious that although she threw mercenaries into walls or each other with force that seemed impossible for such a small body, and the thugs rarely stood up again afterward, they were still breathing.</p>

<p>So the humans knew mercy as well.  It made Ayma feel much better.  Gaoian females were expected to do whatever was necessary to protect their cubs and each other, and what was necessary could be grim indeed.  But they never went that far unless they had to.  Were Xiù’s people the same?</p>

<p>The group ended up in front of a pair of large double doors, carved with mechanical precision from the wood of a Cortian <em>schweet</em> tree and varnished by nanobots with durable diamond coating.  Ayma knew from her limited readings of interstellar trade that such doors cost enough to supply a colony with a fusion power unit.  Without a doubt, these were the doors to the administrator of the facility which had trapped them.</p>

<p>Her claws slid from their sheaths as her paw gripped her fusion sword tightly.  Her clan and their cubs stood behind her, ready; she glanced over at Xiù and saw the human watching her, ready to follow her lead.</p>

<p>She actually wondered if Xiù had the strength to kick in the door as she reached for the trigger pad.  Corti, Gaoians, and humans were all similar in height, so the pad was at a comfortable height.  She was surprised when the door opened without complaint, and she stepped inside cautiously, her eyes and nose active.</p>

<p>She knew someone was inside, but she was still taken by surprise as a six–fingered hand seized the back of her neck and pulled her to the side.  The Corti who had hidden beside the door used his other hand to press a pulse pistol to the side of her muzzle.  Xiù made an angry noise, lurching forward, but before she could close the distance another hand from the other side of the door grabbed her lower arm and wrenched her away, hurling her aside with a whine of servos.  If Ayma needed any confirmation of how heavy Xiù was she got it as the human crashed into a small table in a lounge area to the side of the large office, crushing it beneath her.</p>

<p>From beside the door stomped a bulky, humanoid figure.  The newcomer was shaped like a Corti, but far bulkier and slightly taller.  The creature’s head was slender and whiplike, looking out of place as it stuck out from between the brawny shoulders.  The head had a pair of bulbous eyes and a single horizontal line for a mouth, the corners of which were bent downward in displeasure.</p>

<p><em>Allebenellin</em>, Ayma’s memory supplied.  A wormlike race famous for their prosthetics and avarice.  The creature’s entire body was synthetic, mechanical… and it gave him the strength to challenge the human.</p>

<p>Xiù staggered to her feet, breathing heavily, but hesitated as she saw the weapon held to Ayma’s head.  At the door the other Gaoian females did the same, growling and spitting in anger.</p>

<p>“That will be quite enough of that kind of language, thank you,” said the Corti, and Ayma’s eyes went wide as she realized he had a translator.  “I’m quite impressed that you’ve made it so far, but your little escapade stops here.  If you don’t wish to meet your ends so much sooner, I’d advise you to put down your weapons and surrender.”</p>

<p>“You expect us to calmly walk back to our cage and await vivisection?” Ayma snapped, but she let the fusion sword drop to the floor unlit as he ground the emitter of the pistol against her cheek warningly.</p>

<p>“Don’t be ridiculous, we don’t plan to vivisect all of you.  Five, maybe six.  After that, what more is there to learn?  The rest of you will help with viral research, chemical agent testing, and cosmetics.  Your contribution to science will be small but important,” the Corti explained calmly.  “I’m afraid your friend there, however, won’t be joining you.  Captain Mij here is rather put out about her crippling his mercenary company.  His contract didn’t include risk provisions… he didn’t think they were needed.  You know how annelids are.”</p>

<p>“Trig…” Mij growled warningly.</p>

<p>“Why did you take her?  Why did you take any of us?” Ayma demanded.</p>

<p>The Corti, Trig, sighed.  “You want me to monologue, do you?  Fine.  I took you all for <em>science</em>.  You and your brethren are simply the means to fulfill my main contract.  It’s just work... nothing personal until you decided to make it such.  The human was for a side project.  I’d heard rumours of the species, and they’re almost certainly going to end up under a quarantine, so I wished to fetch a specimen before that occurred.  Their homeworld is only a small diversion from your colony, so I asked the ship to obtain one.  I thought a female would be more docile.”</p>

<p>Ayma couldn’t believe what she was hearing.  Contracts?  <em>Science?</em>  Her mouth moved of its own accord.  “Docile?  You really are a bunch of shut–in nerds, aren’t you?”</p>

<p>The pistol pressed more firmly.  “Mistakes were made,” he growled.  “Such is science.  Captain Mij, feel free to fix the mistake.”</p>

<p>“Right, boss,” the Allebenellin said, stomping forward.</p>

<p>Xiù had watch uncomprehendingly as they spoke, but as Mij approached her she lowered her body, extending her hands in front of her as she often would during her dances.  Mij swung a cybernetic punch at her, but she pushed it aside.  Hopping back a step, she hooked one of the low–slung chairs with her foot and flung it at her opponent, who smashed it aside.</p>

<p>Trig sighed again.  “Preferably <em>without</em> completely destroying my office, Captain!”</p>
<p>Xiù tried not to surrender to panic as she and the weird worm alien traded hits.  He was strong, perhaps as strong as she was, and when he managed to hit her it was as hard as one of their guns.  She was quicker and managed to parry most of his blows, guiding them aside and occasionally knocking him off–balance.  Some of his punches got through, however, and this alien was smart enough to kick when she ducked.  She kicked back, and hammered his limbs with strikes, but unlike with the other aliens he did not break under the blows.  In fact he didn’t even show any sign of pain.</p>

<p>Was he a machine, a cyborg?  A month ago she would have called it science–fiction, but she was currently fighting a worm–headed alien on behalf of sapient racoons on another world, so standards had to be relaxed a bit.  Her <em>chi sao</em> told her nothing… there was no tensing of muscles before a strike, no relaxation when he would advance or fall back.  It was like she was fighting a training dummy, except this dummy hit back, and her bruises and aches were piling up.</p>

<p>She’d gradually ramped up the strength of her blows against his limbs, and if she wasn’t sure before, she was certain he was a machine now.  Metal rang as she kicked his knees and rained elbow strikes on his forearms, blows that could and had dismembered opponents at the start of their sudden insurrection.  She’d bitterly come to the conclusion that he was too strong to hold back, and she’d best be prepared to kill again, cursing in her own mind for jinxing herself by complaining about the weakness of her previous foes.  But the only fleshy part of him was his worm–like head (her stomach queased at the thought of even touching it) and despite how much faster she seemed to be compared to everyone else he was still too quick in pulling his head in, like a turtle, whenever she managed to leap high enough to grab at it.  Her tries were rewarded with punches to the gut or chest, and once he even succeeded in knocking her down.</p>

<p>What could she do?  She wished she’d paid better attention to Sifu… she’d only ever expected to use her martial arts on the screen or maybe at a forms competition.  She never expected she’d ever have to actually <em>fight</em>!</p>

<p>What would Sifu say?  She struggled to think.  Well, probably the first thing he would say was that to keep trying what didn’t work wasn’t <em>bagua</em>.  Continue the circle, try another direction, adapt.  But how could she adapt to fighting an enemy who was all machine?</p>

<p>Except… he wasn’t all machine, was he?  He breathed, she could hear it.  His head was like a worm… was the <em>rest</em> of him wormlike as well?  Was he a tube of flesh in a metal human–like body?</p>

<p>Ew.  Gross.</p>

<p>But it gave her an idea.  She leaped back, out of his range, catching her breath.  On a passing whim she made her return to a fighting stance fancy and elaborate.  It seemed to confuse him a little, and it raised her spirits a bit.</p>

<p><em>I’m ready for my scene, Mister Wong.</em></p>



<p>The human female had been fighting Mij the way she’d fought most of the guards and thugs who had blocked their way… with mercy, striking at limbs to debilitate rather than kill.  But the annelid <em>had</em> no limbs... his body was a mechanical suit, a vehicle that he rode within.  She was wasting her strength.  Her blows made the room ring loud enough to make Trig flinch, but didn’t <em>do</em> much.  Ayma couldn’t even tell her… even if Trig would allow her to shout advice, Xiù wouldn’t understand what she was saying.</p>

<p>But Xiù was clever, possibly even as clever as a Gaoian or Corti.  Ayma could tell when the human had <em>realized</em>.  As she’d watched, she saw the character of Xiù’s blows change, if only slightly.  They seemed to stick a bit longer, as if they were not just hits but shoves as well.  Her body motion became even more dance–like, circling Mij in his cybernetic suit, hammering him from all sides and flowing around his counters like water.  The Allebenellin was knocked backwards, bit by bit, until he had to brace against the wall just to protect his rear.  Xiù stopped circling and continued to punish his body… the most armoured part of the suit, but… was Mij <em>panting</em>?</p>



<p>It was inevitable in any martial art, especially in one known to be lethal like <em>baguazhang</em>, that a student would ask about <em>dim mak</em>, or the “Death Touch”.  Sifu handled the oft–repeated question with far more patience than Xiù would have after so many repetitions.</p>

<p>No, the Death Touch didn’t exist, he said, except in fantasy and in pure raw luck and accident.  But that didn’t mean that the basic concept was useless.  Attack the centre line, he said.  Send your force through the flesh and disrupt the <em>chi</em> inside.</p>

<p>Xiù wasn’t sure how seriously she’d taken that aspect of her training, but she applied it against Mij with desperation turned to determination.  She stopped trying to damage his limbs and only worried about parrying his hits; when she struck back it was against his centreline.  That was one thing about all these aliens; they did a shoddy job of defending their bodies.</p>

<p>He would try to hit her, and she’d guide the blow aside with <em>bei shen zhang</em> or some other rolling movement, trying to conserve her energy until she would lash back with either a palm or a fist, drilling into his centre with all the power she could muster.  Being so close he naturally tried to kick her away, but whenever he tried she would hook his foot with her own, stretching him out and knocking him off–balance, until he gave up trying.</p>

<p>She slammed her hand again and again against where the solar plexus would be on a human, or the midpoint of a spine.  She walked the circle around him, and he had problems keeping up.  Eventually he had to back against a wall just to keep her from getting behind him.  So she punished his front, and the reinforced wall he was pressed against actually began to crumple slightly.</p>

<p>It was working!  The wormlike alien had actually paled, and though it was weird to see a worm with a mouth she could tell he was struggling for breath.  He <em>was</em> flesh inside the suit, just very long and narrow.  He was as fragile as any of the other aliens, and her attacks were knocking him around inside!</p>

<p>Sifu would be so proud!</p>



<p>“Mij, what is the matter with you?” Trig snapped.  In front of him, his pulse pistol still to her head, Ayma grinned ferally.</p>

<p>The Administrator had been smug through most of the short and vicious fight, but then Xiù had suddenly gained a second wind.  The others, still huddled in a crowd at the entrance to the room, had been watching the battle with nervousness and then elation… as if the underdog team had suddenly turned a sporting event around, rather than the ultimate fate of their lives.  Their cheers had only enraged the Corti administrator even further.</p>

<p>“Mij, finish it!  <em>Mij</em>!” Trig snapped.  “By the <em>stars</em>–”  Trig moved the pulse pistol away from her head, aiming at Xiù, thinking to rescue his beleaguered henchman.</p>

<p>It was the moment Ayma had been waiting for; her claws unsheathed and she lashed out at his extended arm.  Gaoian claws were relatively tiny, but they traced a trio of furrows down his arm which immediately leaked blue liquid.  The Corti cried out and then snarled, trying to bring the pistol back to shoot her, but she seized his arm and struggled.  The others, almost not believing what they were seeing, hesitated before surging forward.</p>

<p>Trig managed to shove her off, knocking her down.  He saw the angry crowd rushing him and fired randomly into it, and Ayma heard cries of pain.  He looked back at her, and she saw murderous fury there.  The pulse pistol swung back to aim at her head–</p>

<p>A fleshy rope lashed out, catching him in the wrist.  The pulse pistol was sent flying, and Trig cried out in agony and fell to his knees, clutching at his arm.</p>

<p>Ayma looked up and saw Xiù standing there, looking as angry as when little Myun had been threatened.  Clutched in her hand was Mij himself… without his power armour.  She’d managed to grab hold of him, ripping him out of his suit and then using him as a living whip to strike down his boss.  The annelid gurgled in her grip, struggling for breath, the long coil of his body flopping uselessly against the floor.</p>

<p>Ayma struggled to her feet.  She glared down at the snivelling Corti.  “We win.”</p>
<p>Trig initially didn’t want to cooperate.  That was easily solved: Xiù simply took hold of his good wrist and <em>squeezed</em> until the researcher was quite agreeable.  She hadn’t even needed to be asked, easily interpreting the argument between the Administrator and Ayma.  After that, Trig was only too happy to send a distress signal on their behalf.</p>

<p>Nearly twenty of their captors were shepherded into the holding area where the “subjects” had been kept, stripped of their weapons and given medical supplies to treat each other, since their former lab subjects lacked the know–how.  Outside the cage stood three angry Gaoian females armed with fusion swords and the implied assistance of their human ally.  Mij was locked in a tank with an air–permeable lid found in one of the labs, good enough to keep the worm from somehow wiggling out and trying to get back to his armour.</p>

<p>Trig was allowed to treat his broken wrist, though with Xiù’s digits poised at the back of his neck.  The Corti was smart enough to know that anything <em>untoward</em> would result in his head impacting into (and knowing the human’s strength, <em>through</em>…) his fine, impeccable–quality desk.  The Gaoians questioned him the entire time.</p>

<p>Ayma was disappointed to learn that the translator even didn’t have Xiù’s language programmed into it.  In fact, the installation database didn’t even have the name of her homeworld, nor its location.  Trig had been careful about hiding his steps and preserving his “plausible deniability”... the location had been supplied only to the ship’s crew, and they were long gone.</p>

<p>Xiù was alone, and Ayma wondered if she understood that.</p>

<p>One planetary rotation after their successful escape and seizure of the installation they received a response to their distress call.  Even better, it was a Gaoian ship!  It was good news and drew cheers, even as they mourned the loss of Hamfa, Ujali, and Minin.</p>

<p>The captain of the ship was appalled by the deaths of the three females, and Ayma appreciated the fact that he seemed quite sincere, not merely acting for the sake of improving his mating prospects.  The ten surviving females and four cubs were given berths, while Trig was shoved into the brig.  The installation’s distress call was left running, as they would be leaving the prisoners and Mij for someone else to deal with.  If no one came… well, Ayma didn’t care.</p>

<p>The ship’s crew were professional and efficient.  The one hiccup came when it came to decide what to do with Xiù.</p>

<p>“She isn’t Gaoian, Mistress,” the captain protested.  “She’s alien!  She consumes nearly four times as much oxygen as one of us, and if her appetite is as you say–”</p>

<p>“You’re heading straight to the homeworld, aren’t you?” she demanded.  “You said… what?  A five rotation journey?  Surely we wouldn’t deplete your consumables that quickly!”</p>

<p>“Yes – I mean, <em>no</em> – but what about other concerns?  Alien beings, particularly from uncontacted worlds, carry unknown diseases!  And if she’s as violent as you’ve reported–”</p>

<p>“She was <em>violent</em> in our defence, Captain!” she snapped.  “If you don’t threaten us or the children I think you’ll find her quite agreeable.  As for disease, she was implanted with the Corti long–term suppressor.  We all were.  We’ll just leave hers in place until we’re certain, distasteful though it may be.”</p>

<p>The captain was wilting, watching his hopes for enticing her as a mating partner dwindle as he argued.  “Why would you concern yourself for an alien female?  She isn’t clan!”</p>

<p>Ayma looked over at where Xiù sat in the corner of the docking bay.  Two of the cubs scrambled all over her, but she held them up as easily as if they were made of soft pillows.  Myun hung from her outstretched arm, chittering with Gaoian laughter, and Xiù responded with her own barking version of the same.  The human could literally tear some of the fiercest mercenaries in existence limb from limb, yet Ayma had no fear for the little cub as Xiù bounced her lightly.  The human had proven she knew how and when to use her strength.</p>

<p>“You’re wrong, Captain,” Ayma answered.  “She <em>is</em> clan.  And we don’t leave clan behind.”</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>