<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"                  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">                                <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">                <head>                  <title>Salvage04. Turning Point</title>                </head>                                <body><h1>Salvage04. Turning Point</h1><p>by Rantarian</p><div id="main-body"><p>This work is an addition to the <a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/wiki/ref/universes/jenkinsverse">Jenkinsverse</a> universe created by <a href="/u/Hambone3110">/u/Hambone3110</a>.</p>

<p>Where relevant, measurements and explanation is given in brackets following their alien names.</p>

<hr />

<p>Previous Chapters:<br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j0ra4/ocjenkinsverse_salvage/">Chapter 1: Salvage</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j3l12/ocjenkinsverse_food/">Chapter 2: Food</a><br />
<a href="http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2j3xuq/ocjenkinsverse_hunting/">Chapter 3: Hunting</a>  </p>

<hr />

<p>The first chance that Trycrur had to see the human, he and Chir were returning from the surface of the Deathworld. She had been asleep at the time of the mission, and had awoken in horrible shock to Zripob shaking her awake and telling her the bad news - that a human had been on the ship all along and that Chir was being made to take him down to the surface of the planet.</p>

<p>It had only been natural for the three slaves to have bonded in their shared captivity, and Trycrur was already thinking the worst of the human before the landing craft had even set down on the flight deck.
She had ground her teeth together in agitation as the door opened, had hissed in relief as Chir was the first to disembark, and then inhaled so sharply she entered a coughing fit as the human emerged, covered in dried mud and blood. He had clearly made some attempt to clean himself up, as the mess had been washed from his face at least, but his clothing was effectively destroyed.</p>

<p>"Chir!" she said, moving over to him quickly, giving the human a wide berth as she did so. "It is good to see you're alright! Zripob told me you took the human down to the Deathworld! What happened?!"</p>

<p>Chir stared at her a moment with a blank, haunted expression. "We... had barbecue."</p>

<p>The human joined them at the mention of the word - his ears must have been incredibly sharp - and bared his teeth at her. "G'day."</p>

<p>Trycrur recoiled so abruptly that even Chir was prompted to follow suit, before looking at the confused expression on the human's face - his teeth still bared but somewhat more uncertainly - and sighing. "This is a human, Trycrur. And that is what they look like when they smile. It is supposedly a friendly gesture."</p>

<p>"Most of the time, anyway," Adrian qualified. "Trycrur, is it? Reckon Trixy suits you better, what do you think, Chir?"</p>

<p>"I think that it would be terrible to call anyone that," Chir replied directly, and Trycrur marvelled that he could be so blunt with a creature that looked like it'd just rolled around in a lake of blood.</p>

<p>"Well, what do her friends call her then?" Adrian asked.</p>

<p>"Trycrur," replied Trycrur.</p>

<p>"Fuck them, then," Adrian replied cheerfully, although Trycrur couldn't understand why he felt himself entitled to suggest she copulate with anyone.</p>

<p>"Excuse me?" she asked, offended at his forwardness.</p>

<p>"It's a thing he says," Chir said wearily. "It doesn't actually mean what it means..."</p>

<p>"Exactly," Adrian agreed, and Trycrur felt even less informed than she had been a moment ago.</p>

<p>"Trix, then," Adrian continued. "As a compromise."</p>

<p>That didn't seem like much of a compromise, but Chir seemed as defeated as he was deflated, and he didn't give any further protest to the sudden renaming of Trycrur. She couldn't help but feel a little bit betrayed.</p>

<p>"Hey Chir, where should I put the Eskies?" Adrian asked as Chir started to walk towards the internal doors that led out of the flight deck. "Is there anything that I can use to move all of them at once?"</p>

<p>Chir looked to Trycrur. "Trix... I mean Trycrur, please get Adrian a hover platform to help him move all of the preservation containers. I am well past my sleep cycle."</p>

<p>"Yeah mate," Adrian said, "I was going to say you looked totally bushed. Go get some shut-eye while Trix helps me get everything sorted out."</p>

<p>Chir paused, no doubt waiting for his translator to make a best-effort - Trycrur's own translator was trying several possible translations, all relating to forests or shrubs - before giving up and heading to where they'd made their quarters.</p>

<p>Adrian turned to her as Chir strode purposefully away, once again baring his teeth in what seemed so unlikely as a to be a friendly gesture. "Well then," he said, so good humoured that Trycrur wondered if he was somehow unaware of what he was covered in, "looks like I'm in your hands."</p>
</div><div id="comments"><p>"Food supplies for the human have been secured, and nobody ended up dying down there - with the exception of several of the local animals," Bekmer informed Treoffa. "Normally I would like to know why it has stretched their skins out on frames in the far section of the flight deck, but I doubt I'd like the answer."</p>

<p>"He's already visited me in the medical bay, and told me all about it," Treoffa replied. As usual Bekmer thought he was more informed than he actually was, and it secretly pleased Treoffa to disabuse him of this notion. "He intends to turn them into clothing."</p>

<p>"Wearing the skins of other creatures?" Bekmer asked, genuine disgust in his voice. "It is exactly as savage as I had thought, Treoffa! Did you ask it what was wrong with his polymeric clothing?"</p>

<p>"I did, and it seems he prefers what he calls 'leather' because it looks 'hardy' and has unlikely thermal reductive properties," Treoffa told him. The exact words had been 'tough' and  'heaps cool', but Treoffa saw no reason to make Bekmer fight his own way through the near-unintelligible jargon. Relieving Bekmer of that responsibility was simply part of her job as far as she was concerned.</p>

<p>Bekmer sighed. "I admit to have given up trying to figure out what the human means. It baffles me, but I am beginning to suspect that this is simply because I have credited it with more intelligence than it is actually due."</p>

<p>"What of our food, then?" Treoffa asked. "Azhiz is overdue on his medical supply run, is he not?"</p>

<p>"He is," Bekmer confirmed. He looked troubled, and actually disturbed. Not over the possibility that something had happened to Azhiz - neither of them cared one whit whether the Robalin was alive or dead - but the loss of any supplies, and the micro-freighter, would have far reaching consequences for the Salvage crew. Without that vessel, the only way to obtain more supplies would be to take the main ship. That would mean either leaving the Zhadersil unattended or attended with a minimal crew and no power - the salvage ship was currently the Zhadersil's life support until its own power could be properly restored, and there was no telling when that may be.</p>

<p>"By how long now?" Treoffa pushed. She knew the answer, but she knew that Bekmer needed to play out the conversation if he was going to do what she wanted.</p>

<p>"Far too long," Bekmer replied. "We need to act as though the micro-freighter, and Azhiz, are lost. He may have defected - he is Robalin after all - or he may have met with some... misfortune. Either way, we need to consider the worst case scenario."</p>

<p>"That our location and the details of our work have been revealed to others," Treoffa said. It wasn't a question, and it wasn't a guess, but she had left something unsaid. If it had been pirates that had caught Azhiz, they'd be coming here to kill them all and claim the Zhadersil as a prize. If it had been the Hunters... well, the prospects were similarly terminal but with bonus torture and culinary elements.</p>

<p>"We can't yet move the Zhadersil," Bekmer told her, "but I have Mrrgha and Criq working on its reactor as we speak. Even a small amount of power would be enough to get us out of the system, or at least into a debris field that cannot easily be scanned. We can augment the FTL drive from our own ship if necessary."</p>

<p>"At least if we <em>are</em> boarded, we have a particularly psychotic human to resolve the issue," Treoffa said, offering some comfort to Bekmer.</p>

<p>Bekmer frowned in dismay. "On that note I have somewhat unfortunate news. It seems that the Directorate want us to send him - alive - to their studies division as soon as possible. The penalties for lack of compliance..."</p>

<p>He trailed off, but Treoffa had some inkling of what would await a Corti who defied direct orders from the Directorate. Not death, but isolation and irrelevance. If Bekmer ignored this order, he would discard any chance of future reward or acclaim. A win for Treoffa, who would take over the leadership of the Salvage team, but she wanted to take that from Bekmer fairly, not because some bureaucrats thought they knew better.</p>

<p>"Then we had better hope that the technicians get us a functional reactor."</p>

<p>+++++++++++++++++++</p>

<p>"What in the murk are you two making?" Zripob demanded of Trycrur and Adrian. He had gone in search of Trycrur out of concern when he had not found her asleep in their quarters, and had found them working together in what appeared to be a machining workshop.</p>

<p>"Hey there, Kermit," Adrian said, waving a gloved hand. He was wearing a poorly cut vest made of reptilian skin, the only garment he had actually managed to fashion from the disgusting materials. The rest had been wasted in failed attempts, and even this - abhorrent as it was - was completely rubbish from even the standpoint of simple workmanship.</p>

<p>"Once again," Zripob grated, "that is not my name. Now answer my question!"</p>

<p>Trycrur looked up from her console, her face lit with something that Zripob could only describe as fiendish delight. "We found a fabrication unit. Adrian had some ideas, and when I mentioned that I'd worked in developing weapons for the Dominion..."</p>

<p>She shared a glance with Adrian. "Well, I'm helping him put some ideas into practice."</p>

<p>"What kind of ideas?" Zripob asked, now curious. He had been aware that Trycrur was a weapons developer, but the idea of a Deathworlder coming up with weapons intrigued him. He was not unaware of the tactics being developed by certain division in the Dominion-Celzi conflict.</p>

<p>Adrian produced a kinetic rifle, heavily modified and with a long cylinder connected to the kinetic aperture. A strange attachment was connected to the cylinder with a mechanism presumably intended to be used to operate it. "This," he said, "is the prototype."</p>

<p>"It's like a coilgun!" Trycrur said excitedly. "Except not! We made the kinetic aperture smaller to concentrate the force, and that lets it fire a projectile! Using the force that would normally go into recoil, we've created an automated mechanism to load the next projectile into the... chamber?"</p>

<p>Zripob blinked. Most of that had gone right by him, which wasn't surprising since he was just an infantryman at heart, but it was clear that Trycrur was looking to the human for advice and ideas. He wondered what the human was getting out of this partnership.</p>

<p>"I don't see how it could be any more useful than the regular kinetic weapons," he said dubiously. "Worse, if you think about it, since your ammunition is a lot more limited."</p>

<p>"Nice to have an audience for the test run, then," Adrian said. He put a hand on the mechanism and drew it back - Zripob could see that it was intended to slide back and forth - and made an audible ker-chank as something physical moved inside of it, and for some reason the sound made Zripob's blood run even colder than it already did.</p>

<p>"We made a combat harness as well," Trycrur said, pointing out a dummy wearing the armour. "That was Adrian's idea as well."</p>

<p>Zripob frowned, not liking what he was seeing here much. He took a step back as the human raised the weapon and looked down the long cylinder - after all, a prototype might explode - and went still as the trigger was pulled.</p>

<p>A loud <em>thunk</em> terminated in a deafening <em>crack</em> as the projectile punched through the armour, passed through the dummy, and put major cracks in the rear plate. The sound echoed down the abandoned hallways of the ancient ship, and with the exception of the human they were stunned and silent. The human put down the weapon and went and investigated the armour with apparent disappointment.</p>

<p>"Would it be easier," he asked, turning back to Trycrur, "to give the gun more power, or to make the rounds explode?"</p>

<p>Trycrur absorbed this information for a moment, then wilfully broke into the most predatory grin she could manage as a herbivore. "Why not both?"</p>
<p>"You should be working on the reactor," Mrrgha admonished her husband as she came upon him fiddling at the door. "The door is not important. You heard what Bekmer said!"</p>

<p>Criq clicked in irritation. "We don't know it isn't important, Mrrgha! We don't know what is on the other side! What if it's the command room? What if there's a giant 'on' button for everything?"</p>

<p>"What if Hunters come and eat us because you were too busy trying to get into a janitorial cupboard?" Mrrgha asked testily. She had put off her sleep cycle for some time to continue working on the reactor, and did not enjoy finding her husband shirking his duties to indulge himself in idle fancy.</p>

<p>"I think I almost have it, though," Criq replied. "I've got the right algorithm this time, I'm sure of it! These systems are extremely hardened, so it's unsurprising that we've had so much trouble."</p>

<p>"How long will it take?" Mrrgha asked, irritated but resigned to the attempt being carried out.</p>

<p>"Not long," Criq answered, "but long enough to show my wife how much I adore her."</p>

<p>Mrrgha snorted - Criq had always been laughably incapable at romance, but his inept attempts were persistent and that made him charming. "I'll be the judge of that."</p>

<p>+++++++++++++++++++</p>

<p>"He was asking me about all sorts of things," Chir told Bekmer. The Corti leader had taken a sudden and inordinate interest in what the human had been doing whilst not on duty, and what his conversations with the other slave-soldiers had been. "Mainly about how the ships worked. He wanted to know how they moved, 'where the rockets were', and how the flight deck maintained atmosphere when one side is exposed to space."</p>

<p>"What about weapons?" Bekmer demanded. "Did he take an interest in those?"</p>

<p>"He said ours were as dangerous as a wet kiss," Chir replied with a frown. "Although I'm not sure how dangerous he rates those."</p>

<p>"That would explain what he's been doing with the Rauwyrhr female," Bekmer mused. "We've detected power anomalies in a fabrication chamber, and it appears to have been used recently to fabricate new types of weaponry."</p>

<p>Chir was surprised - Adrian hadn't told him anything about that, and nor had Trix... Trycrur for that matter! Further on that, 
he'd never have imagined that those two would have found anything in common, one was a genius after all, and the other was a savage Deathworlder who'd beaten a monster to death with a piece of another monster. Not exactly Scientific Award winning material.
"I was not aware," he said, his curiosity piqued. "Do you know what they've made?"</p>

<p>"They have not seen fit to inform me yet!" Bekmer snapped. "A problem I wish you to remedy for me! And once that problem is resolved, please inform our resident human that we have need to place him into stasis once again."</p>

<p>"Stasis again?" Chir asked. This meeting had been filled with surprises - the meeting itself had been a considerable surprise - and of all things he'd never expected Bekmer to be putting the human into a box again. Of them all, he was the only one who didn't seem to mind working for the Corti - claimed he owed them his life in fact! Chir wasn't sure whether that made him a friend or an enemy, but as he didn't fancy having the human as an enemy he hoped it was the former.</p>

<p>"We need to send him on a short trip," Bekmer said. "Let him know that he won't need to pack anything."</p>

<p>+++++++++++++++++++</p>

<p>The door opened, interrupting the married couple's frenzied neck-wrangling. They panted as they regained their composure, returning as quickly as they could to their professional duties.</p>

<p>"You did it!" Mrrgha breathed. "I hardly believe it!"</p>

<p>"My lovely wife needs to put more faith in her husband's cleverness," Criq replied teasingly. "Now, let's see what's in-"</p>

<p>They were interrupted by the whir of machinery and the clank of pneumatics. A blue line of pulsing light flashed over them, and they recoiled as one from its intensity. They could feel it burn slightly here it touched on their skin, and they shielded their eyes to prevent themselves from being blinded by it.</p>

<p>"No match found," spoke a cold mechanical voice from the darkness. "Purging alien material."</p>

<p>Red irises lit in the darkness, joined by the glowing energy of an unknown weapon. Red-orange light reflected off of polished chrome, revealing reptilian features with sharp, pointed teeth. Criq threw himself in front of his wife in a desperate act to protect her from whatever it was, but his feeble attempt was the very essence of ineffectiveness. An arc of white-hot light punched straight through him and and Mrrgha both, scorching the wall behind the with a black circle where the metal burned. </p>

<p>The light had burned straight through both of them, but it was not mortal and they both screamed in agony and terror. Neither could move and at least one of them had lost control of their bowels, but any concerns of impropriety were far beyond them now.</p>

<p>Mrrgha watched a second pulse destroy her husband's head, silencing him forever. The remains of his face were ash collapsing around a hole that somehow seemed to turn to face her as the corpse spasmed. She gibbered in fear and horror until the third pulse came for her.</p>

<p>+++++++++++++++++++</p>

<p>"There you are," Chir said as he entered the quarters the four soldiers had been assigned for sleeping - even if Adrian spent more of his nights in the medical bay being monitored by Treoffa for... Chir realised he didn't really know what.</p>

<p>"Here I am," Adrian said, stowing a long something that had a very weapon-esque appearance to it. "What's up, mate?"</p>

<p>"I've just had a chat with Bekmer," Chir said seriously.</p>

<p>Adrian snorted humourlessly. "And what did our bald friend have to say for himself?"</p>

<p>"About that," Chir continued, "he wanted us to have a chat of our own. I think some things are about to change."</p>
</div></body></html>