<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: IV</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Quod erat demonstrandum pars: IV</h1>
<p class="author">By devourerkwi</p>
<div id="main-body">




<p><strong><em>Dramatis personæ</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em>Lucius Bellator Maximus</em>, a Roman <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionary">legionary</a> from <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legio_V_Alaudae">Legio V Alaudæ</a>, based at the camp Castra Vetera in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanten">Xanten</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania_Inferior">Germania Inferior</a>, serving Emperor <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vespasian">Vespasian</a> of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flavian_dynasty">Flavian dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Dieter</em>, a barbarian from the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batavi_%28Germanic_tribe%29">Batavi tribe</a> that was <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolt_of_the_Batavi">revolting against Rome</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Berenice</em>, an Egyptian woman, and her son, <em>Isidorus</em>, from the slums of <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Yan</em>, a Chinese concubine from the court of and consort to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Ming_of_Han">Emperor Ming of Han</a> in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty#Eastern_Han">Eastern Han dynasty</a></p></li>
<li><p><em>Clepta</em>, a corti abductor, scientist, and trader</p></li>
</ul>

<p><strong><em>Glossarium</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legatus">Legatus</a></em>: A general in the Roman officer drawn from the senatorial class</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montefortino_helmet">Montefortino helmet</a></em>: A helmet worn by Roman infantry that had a knob on the top and neck and cheek protection</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Per_aspera_ad_astra">Per aspera ad astra</a></em>: Through hardships to the stars</p></li>
<li><p><em><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q.E.D.">Quod erat demonstrandum</a></em>: Which had to be demonstrated</p></li>
</ul>

<p>“There were only six of us,” said the gray thing mournfully, holding up all six fingers on its right hand.  It folded in the thumb and two ... pinkies?  “And now are there are three.  I understand the guards—that’s just pragmatic,” it continued, waving a hand dismissively, “but it was rather impolite to dismember and electrocute my helmsman.”</p>
<p>Lucius had never heard the word “electrocute” before but that was a question best left for later.  “How do you know Latin?” he asked.</p>
<p>“He knows Egyptian too,” added Isidorus.</p>
<p>“How do you all know Chinese?” asked Yan.  Lucius turned to her, mouth agape.  The last time she had spoken she was unintelligible and now she, too, could speak Latin.</p>
<p>“You’ve known Latin this entire time?” he asked angrily, approaching her in a few quick bounds.</p>
<p>“You’ve known Chinese this entire time!  You hid it from me like a coward,” she spat.  Lucius struck her across the cheek with the back of his hand and she recoiled with the loud smack of bone against skin, falling to the floor and crawling under a glowing table.  Lucius moved to drag her out from it but a great pair of hands threw him halfway across the room and he crashed into another table and cracked it in two as if it were paper.</p>
<p>“Lucius!” bellowed Dieter.  The commotion had broken his trance and his eyes bulged with rage.  “Do not hit the woman!”</p>
<p>Lucius sat up from the rubble and held his throbbing head in his hands, the headfirst blow not softened very well by his montefortino.  “You too, barbarian?  Well,” he sniffled, “I suppose I can’t call you a barbarian if you speak Latin.”</p>
<p>“It is you who speak German,” said Dieter.  “The gray thing speaks German, too.” </p>
<p>The gray thing sighed and walked to the nearest glowing table, tapping on it rhythmically.  The room was filled with lilting, high–pitched noises that reminded Lucius of the wind chimes his wife had bought at the market.  She had overpaid and he had struck her just as he had struck Yan, bringing cries of fear from their children.  She wouldn’t lay with him for weeks after that and his eldest daughter refused her regular tutor, requiring a female teacher because, as she put it, men were too violent for learning.</p>
<p>The chimes ended and the center of the room was filled with a great light that somehow showed images of Lucius, Dieter, Berenice and Isidorus, and Yan in quick succession.  The gray thing gestured at them.  “I’m not speaking <em>any</em> of your languages, nor are you speaking each other’s.  My computer has listened to you speak and has figured out how to translate you.  As long as you are near this,” he said, holding up a matte black device shaped like a small ram’s horn, “we will all understand each other.”</p>
<p>Lucius didn’t know what “computer” meant either but, once again, there were more pressing matters.  “Who are you?” he asked.  “<em>What</em> are you?”</p>
<p>“I am a corti and I hail from the Corti Directorate.  Neither are of your world, mind you; actually, <em>you</em> are no longer of your world, for that matter.  Just take a look through the windows.”</p>
<p>The party moved to the windows and just as little Isidorus set to jump up to one Lucius realized he had chosen the same window through which he had seen the floating, dead Roman.  He caught the boy and brought him to the other side, whispering that the view was better from here.  Yan’s panicked whimpering proved that he had done the right thing.</p>
<p>“All I see is black,” said Dieter.  “I see black and dots of white.  This means nothing!”</p>
<p>“Those ‘dots of white’ are stars,” said the corti.</p>
<p>“Then why do they not wink and play as stars are wont to do?” asked Lucius.</p>
<p>“Because without an atmosphere to—you know what, forget it.  You wouldn’t understand.”</p>
<p>“Tell me, corti!” yelled Dieter, advancing step by step.  “Tell me, tell me, <strong>tell me</strong>!”  He grabbed the corti by each arm—tentatively and gently, Lucius noted—and hoisted it up in the air, holding it aloft.  The corti, somehow, was calm.</p>
<p>“No.  You’re too primitive and I literally can’t afford to spend the next two thousand years teaching your feeble minds the basic science the rest of the galaxy figured out when you were still hanging from tree branches.”</p>
<p>Dieter furrowed his brow in confusion and dropped the corti, who fell to the floor with an ungraceful crash and struggled to set upright.  Dieter muttered something about it “not being worth it anyway” as he returned to his chosen window.</p>
<p>“Explain it to me,” commanded Lucius.</p>
<p>The corti sighed again and thought for a moment before speaking to them as if they were children.  “Usually you would look up at the sky and the stars would twinkle because of the, uh ... ‘air’ ... surrounding you, changing how you see them.  Up here, above the ‘air’, that doesn’t happen.  We are in a ship moving between the stars, from one planet to another.”</p>
<p>“There are more worlds like ours?” asked Lucius.</p>
<p>“Innumerably many.”</p>
<p>“Good,” he said.  “More lands for the Emperor to conquer.”  He heard Dieter’s scoff but the corti’s only rebuke was to shake its head, but then its thin lips curled into something resembling a terse grin.</p>
<p>“I think it’s time I introduced myself.  My name is Clepta, but,” it said pithily, “you may call me Legatus.”</p>
<p>“You’re not my commander,” said Lucius sharply.</p>
<p>“Oh, but I am.  You’re my captives and you must do as I say.”</p>
<p>“You saw what we did to your guards.  You are no longer in charge.”</p>
<p>“And then what?  You’ll be stranded here with limited food.”  Clepta puffed up its chest and strutted purposefully to a window.  “This is your ocean,” it said as it gestured to the inky blackness, “and you have no way of navigating.  You’ll never get to a port before you starve.”</p>
<p>“You abducted us,” said Yan.  “Why should we trust you?”</p>
<p>“Doesn’t matter, we’re the key, he needs us to save himself.”  Berenice was suddenly lucid and walked to Clepta, putting her palm against its oversized head.  She cackled.  “You thought I couldn’t hear you but I could!  I was so tricky and you didn’t know.”  She receded back to the window and her own internal cataonia.</p>
<p>“What does she mean?” asked Lucius.</p>
<p>“I don’t know,” mused Clepta.  “The, uh, process sometimes leaves your kind a bit addled.  Look, I’ll cut you a deal.  You and Dieter work for me as bodyguards and I won’t vent you and your friends to space.”</p>
<p>“What?”  Clepta said so many things Lucius didn’t understand that he was starting to get agitated.</p>
<p>Clepta sighed once more.  “Work for me and I won’t kill you the way I killed your countrymen.  I assume you remember the caped man floating outside the window?”</p>
<p>Lucius nodded.  He didn’t understand how, but clearly the corti had the power to summon the great gales.  “We will work for you, at least for now,” he said.</p>
<p>“Good,” said Clepta.  “Now go back to your old room.”</p>
<p>The five humans crept back out to the hallway in silence and Clepta closed the door behind them, turning to address the two remaining vzk’tk crewmen.  “You guys are such cowards.  Clean this up.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Boss,” said one, still struggling to talk.  The poor dumb things were so terrified during the encounter that they couldn’t even speak, and Clepta opined that they might have to be replaced at the next port.  For now, however, there was business to be done.  Entering the captain’s modest quarters, Clepta sat in a hard, cold chair in front of a communications device and opened a secure link.</p>
<p>“I want hazard pay,” said Clepta.  “In advance.”</p>
<p>“No,” came the garbled voice on the other end of the line.  “Results first.”</p>
<p>“I need money to fund the research, idiot,” snapped Clepta.</p>
<p>“You are corti.  Figure it out,” said the voice.  The line cut.</p>
<p>Clepta leaned back in thought before tapping a series of commands into the desk, waiting for the confirmation chimes before opening a line to the bridge.  “Hey, cowards?  When you finish cleaning up Rtkalrrk, set a course for the nearest gray market trading post.”</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>