<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Salvage10. Air Time</title>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Salvage10. Air Time</h1>
<p class="author">By Rantarian</p>
<div id="main-body">





<p>Adrian Saunders had not known what to expect from the vacuum of space. He had thought that maybe it would be cold, or maybe that is body would swell up a little like Arnold Schwarzenegger in that movie of his about Mars. He had not expected it to be so dry that his eyes kept watering – the void of space robbed the moisture from them so quickly that he had to blink furiously to clear the tears away.</p>
<p>He was so focused on this process that he did not immediately notice the Hunter ship starting to lift from the deck. Not, at least, until the hover camera diverted him from his planned destination of the Salvage ship and turned him towards the Hunter vessel.</p>
<p><em>Fuckin’ A,</em> he thought angrily. <em>I have about ten breaths worth of air and she wants me to go fight some more guys.</em></p>
<p>The ship was taking its time at least, needing to work its way up and around the other Hunter vessels before it could move freely. The invading ships had come in hard and fast, clearly not anticipating any situation where they’d actually have to escape in a hurry, and the lack of gravity was allowing them to drift slightly in the gravitationless flight deck. Adrian was touching down on the Hunter vessel as it was finally turning to make a speedy withdrawal.</p>
<p>He exhaled his held breath through his nose and took another gulp through the tube. He drew the combat knife he’d had Trix fashion for him from its sheathe, and slipped into the open hatch.</p>

<p>Lesser Navigator supposed that it was technically now the Alpha of the brood, alone to have encountered the human and survived. It was simply regrettable that it was now a brood of one, but some time in the breeding chambers would remedy that.</p>
<p>It had already sent notice ahead of it as to what had happened, during the brief moments the engines needed to power back up, and did not look forward to the situation it would find when it finally reached home.</p>
<p>That was when it heard the clang. Something had landed on the hull. It gripped its fusion sword worriedly, although it told himself it must have been a piece of debris. There was nothing alive in the airless void, but just to be safe it scanned the hull.</p>
<p>The results came back immediately. The human was alive, it was on the hull, and Lesser Navigator had left the hatch open!</p>
<p>Adrian was pleased to discover that although the hatch had been left open, the Hunters made similar use of force fields to contain their air. He breathed long, deep breaths as he wiped the water from his eyes onto his sleeve, and when he was satisfied that he was capable of continuing he slipped the hover camera into his pocket and pulled out the communicator.</p>
<p>“Operation Ripley’s a success so far,” he said into the communicator. “Maybe you could tell me why I’m on this fucking ship instead of yours?”</p>
<p>“We can’t let any get away,” Treoffa replied. “Not when we are so close to total victory. Kill the last of them! Quickly!”</p>
<p>Adrian turned off the communicator and snarled his lack of appreciation at being ordered about like that, but he set about to do as she’d said. He had his combat knife ready, knowing it was all he’d need in an enclosed space. “You call that a knife?” he joked to  himself, examining the large blade.</p>
<p>The door slid open, revealing a single Hunter carrying a much longer blade, clearly enhanced with the addition of technology, and actual flames seemed to rise from its edge.</p>
<p>“Technically,” Adrian said, “that’s a sword.”</p>

<p>Normally Lesser Navigator would have scoffed at the tiny blade the human held out. It would have done so now, had it not been for the fact that a human was holding it. The same human, presumably, who had vented nearly a thousand of its brethren into space.</p>
<p>This was not a scoffing matter. Humans were strong, they were fast, and from the lack of protection this one was wearing they were at least highly resistant to being exposed to the vacuum of space.</p>
<p>Lesser Navigator had been gifted with a kinetic pulse gun implant in its right forearm as a broodling, but it was useless here. An anti–tank kinetic pulse gun would be similarly useless.  It had chosen a fusion sword for the fight against the human for this reason, although it was not a weapon that Lesser Navigator was proficient with.</p>
<p>It held it out before itself, and then swung!</p>

<p>Adrian stepped in by reflex as the Hunter swung the deadly blade at him, getting inside the swing in two quick steps and stabbing the Hunter up through whatever passed for its ribcage. All seven of its eyes went wide at that, and he tore the blade out violently only to slam the butt of it against the creature’s skull repeatedly until had entirely collapsed into gore.</p>
<p>He paused to steady himself, and looked down at the dropped sword, raising an eyebrow when he saw that its blade had cut deep into the metal floor. He looked at the empty void of space beyond the hatch that had replaced the comforting flight deck of the Zhadersil.</p>
<p>“Fuck,” he drawled out. “That is <em>not</em> good.”</p>
<p>“Status report, Adrian?” Treoffa demanded after a few minutes had passed. The hover cam had gone dark for some reason, but had transmitted sounds of violence.</p>
<p>“Yeah,” Adrian replied shortly, much to everyone’s relief. “So it seems like I’ve left the Zhadersil.”</p>
<p>“What?!” interjected Chir. “They surely did not capture you!”</p>
<p>“Yeah, nah,” Adrian reassured him. “These guys are all dead, but now I’m stuck in a ship I don’t know how to fly, going I don’t know where. Not the best outcome to the situation I’ll admit, but it wasn’t me who didn’t <em>follow the plan.</em>”</p>
<p>Treoffa found herself subject to three uncomfortably narrow stares. “I did what I believe was needed. Do you have access to the command deck?”</p>
<p>“Lots of consoles and comfy–as–fuck seats?” Adrian asked. “Yeah, I’m on it right now.”</p>
<p>“Good,” she said with relief. “Now listen closely, I’m going to teach you how to fly a starship.”</p>

<p>Treoffa had powered up the gravity field on the flight deck long before Adrian had managed to re–orient the ship to face it. The ship had almost drifted from the Zhadersil, and he wasn’t so far from it that he had begun to panic, but he had been far from familiar with piloting the starship and was forced to do so with incremental, often jerking movements.</p>
<p>At least the landing had been an automated process, but once that part of his excursion had been complete he was still faced with another jog through hard vacuum.</p>
<p>The hits just kept coming.</p>
<p>“Alright,” he said, checking over his gear to make sure he had everything, and adding the future–sword to his collection. “Back to the plan.”</p>
<p>He took a final breath and held it as he leapt from the hatch, racing down the gangway and onto the open floor of the flight deck. From here the Salvage ship seemed a long way away, and he wished he’d known how to park the ship closer, but he was out of choices now.</p>
<p>His lungs burned as he ran, his eyes watering almost enough to blind him. He held each breath for as long as he could – and then forced himself to hold it for longer – before exhaling sharply through his nose and sucking hard on the tube.</p>
<p>Five breaths left.</p>
<p>Four.</p>
<p>Three.</p>
<p>He reached the door to the Salvage ship. It was closed and locked, as it normally was, but Treoffa had told him the code before he’d left on his mad mission and he kept his burning eyes open so that he could match the alien symbols against the ones he had memorised.</p>
<p>He miskeyed.</p>
<p>Two breaths.</p>
<p><em>Let me in you motherfucking thing</em>, he raged internally, putting the long sequence in again.</p>
<p>The red light flashed. The code was rejected.</p>
<p>One breath.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>